---
title: "Version 6.31"
date: 2021-05-21T13:51:14+03:00
draft: false
weight: 100
---

## Sales

### Membership expiration date no longer required when creating a customer

`Build 6.31.39.0: PRO-3993`

Starting from 6.31.39.0, in CHQ under `sales > customers > new > membership`, the **expiration date** field is no longer required when creating a new customer record.

By default, the **expiration date** field is empty.

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual Sales & eCommerce](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1370849373/6.0+Series) in Teamwork Confluence

## Services

### Specifying connection type for F-NEDAP RFID reader

`Build 6.31.39.0: PRO-3988`

We’ve added the capability to define the type of connection used by the F-NEDAP RFID reader.

#### Purpose

This may be helpful if the user wants to connect via Wi-Fi instead of utilizing Ethernet connection. Additionally, the user may want to change the type of connection, for example, from Wi-Fi to Ethernet, if Wi-Fi is down or vice versa.

#### How to configure the connection type

{{% notice note %}}
To be able to configure device settings available in the **edit device** dialog, the user must have the **Manage devices** security right.
{{% /notice %}}

To configure the new F-NEDAP reader setting, in CHQ:

1. Go to `services > device controller`.
2. Find your device and click it.
3. In the **edit device** dialog that opens, go to the **app settings** tab.
{{% notice info %}}
If your device is not location-specific, the **app settings tab** is invisible. If your device is location specific but not Teamwork POS version 6.0 or higher, then the **app settings** tab is inactive.  
To check if your device is location specific or not, on the **general** tab of your edit device dialog find the **location** field in the **device** section. If the exact name of a location is indicated in the **location** field, then your device is location specific. Alternatively, you will see `not location specific`.
{{% /notice %}}

4. In the **RFID reader** section, make sure that `F-NEDAP` is selected in the **RFID reader** field.
5. In the **connection type** field, choose one of the options:
    - `Ethernet` (set by default)
    - `WiFi`
{{% gimg src="631_chq_fnedap1.jpg" width="700px"%}}
6. Click **save**.
{{% notice tip %}}
On clicking **save**, all the updates made in the **RFID-reader** section are streamed to the respective POS device.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[V6.31 Mobile Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1381565273/Version+6+Mobile+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

## Settings

### New Security Rights to hide safe values from Drawer Memo in POS Pro version 6

`Build 6.31.30.0: PRO-3537`

We’ve added the following new security rights for the Drawer Memo area of POS Pro V6:

**Area**  | **Right** | **Description** |
 :----------- | :----------- | ----------- |
Drawer Memo       |     Access/edit safe values     |     View and edit values associated with a safe in the drawer memo   |
Drawer Memo       |   Print drawer memo/deposit slip   |  Print a drawer memo or a deposit slip |

These rights allow for preventing certain store associates from seeing how much money is left in the safe. Also, these rights hide safe-related information in the Start of Day and End of Day areas of POS.

{{% notice note %}}
To learn more about changes in the Drawer Memo area related to the new security rights, refer to the [V6.31 Mobile Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1381565273/Version+6+Mobile+Release+Guides). For information on how to assign security rights to users, see the Roles section of the [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual).
{{% /notice %}}

### Accessing the RFID Tag Status area from POS Pro V6 Home screen

`Build 6.31.30.0: PRO-3710`

We’ve introduced the capability to define where on the navigation panel of POS Pro V6 the link to the **RFID Tag Status** area displays:

- in the navigation panel proper (**A** – in the screenshot below) or
- under the More menu (**B** –  in the screenshot).
{{% gimg src="631_chq_RFID_v6AppD1.png" width="700px"%}}

#### Purpose

In the **RFID Tag Status** area, it is possible to check and manually change the status of an RFID item tag. The capability to check if an item’s tag is on or off is important for knowing if that tag will trigger the store’s EAS theft prevention system.

{{% notice info %}}
The **electronic article surveillance (EAS)** system is designed to prevent shoplifting from stores. Typically, the EAS detection system at the store exit sounds an alarm when it senses an active tag on the merchandise.  
Therefore, deactivating RFID tags during the checkout process is necessary to allow sold merchandise through the EAS system.
{{% /notice %}}

Additionally, manually changing the tag status may be required if the tag can’t be automatically turned on or off during tag reprogramming after the sale.

#### How to configure the RFID Tag Status order

In CHQ, to configure the location of the **RFID Tag Status** link in POS Pro V6 navigation panel:

1. Go to `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer`.
2. In the area that opens, choose `Point of Sale V6 > iPad > Home`:  
{{% gimg src="631_chq_RFID_v6AppD2.jpg" width="700px"%}}
3. To add the link to the **RFID Tag Status** area to POS Pro Home Screen, under **available fields**, press the **RFID Tag Status** label and then drag it to the **layout** section:
{{% gimg src="631_chq_RFID_v6AppD3.jpg" width="700px"%}}
By changing the order of labels under the **layout** section you can define the place where the respective label displays:

    - in the navigation panel proper: the label is among the first five under **layout**
    - in the **More** menu: the label is in the sixth position or lower

    To remove a label, press the required label and then drag it back under **available fields**.

4. Click **save**.

{{% notice note %}}
To be able to manually deactivate an RFID tag in POS Pro, the user must be granted the **Manually deactivate RFID Tags** security right. For information on how to assign security rights to users, see the **Roles** section of the [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual).
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[V6.31 Mobile Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1381565273/Version+6+Mobile+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

### Configuring inventory attribute labels: multi-language translations for POS Pro V6

`Build 6.31.30.0: PRO-3055`

We’ve introduced updates to inventory attribute labels in CHQ. These updates allow for:

- supporting the multi-language translations of the user-defined attributes
- removing the `any` option from the **position** field of the **attribute details** dialog
- supporting the user-defined inventory attribute labels in V6 App Designer for POS Pro

#### Multi-language inventory attribute labels for POS Pro V6

It’s now possible to add multiple translations for the item attribute labels (such as `Color` or `Size`) that display in various POS Pro areas. For example, in the **Catalog** area of POS Pro, attribute labels display as column headers:

{{% gimg src="631_chq_attr1.png" width="700px"%}}

Prior to adding a translation, these attribute labels must be defined by the user.

To do so, in CHQ:

1. Go to `settings > inventory / catalog > inventory labels`.
2. In the **inventory labels** area, scroll down to the **attributes** section.
3. Populate the following fields (see the screenshot below):
    - **attribute 1**
    - **attribute 2**
    - **attribute 3**
{{% gimg src="631_chq_attr2.jpg" width="700px"%}}
4. To add multiple translations, click the *globe* icon next to the required field.
{{% notice tip %}}
For a translation to be available in POS, first, it must be set up in CHQ. To do so:

1. Click the *globe* icon next to the default label of the required field or value.
2. On tapping the icon, the **description: [default field name]** dialog opens.
3. Enter the required translation.
4. Click **save**.

Please be advised that if no translation is defined in CHQ for the language that is used for the user interface in POS Pro, default field labels and values display in POS.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Removed “any” option in the attributes details dialog

We’ve removed `any` from the list of available options for the **position** field under `chq > settings > inventory / catalog > attributes > [selected attribute] > attribute` tab. Accordingly, now it is required to assign a certain position to each attribute.

{{% gimg src="631_chq_attr3.jpg" width="700px"%}}

{{% notice info %}}
Please be advised that labels defined by the user under `chq > settings > inventory/catalog > inventory labels > attributes` appear in the **position** field instead of the default labels.  
For example, **attr1** instead of the default **attribute 1** label (see the screenshots above).
{{% /notice %}}

#### Multi-language inventory attribute labels in V6 App Designer

In CHQ, under `settings > company settings > V6 App Designer`, the user-defined inventory attribute labels for POS Pro are available under the following areas:

- **Search Results** under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Catalog`
- **Cart Descriptions** under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Sales Receipt`
- **Purchasing Cart Descriptions** under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Shipments`
- **Transfer Cart Descriptions** under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Shipments`
- **Ship Memo Cart Descriptions** under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Shipments`
- **Cart Descriptions** under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Adjustments`
- **Cart Descriptions** under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Count Memos`

#### See also

- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual) in Teamwork Confluence
- [V6.31 Mobile Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1381565273/Version+6+Mobile+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

### Fiscal settings moved to the country level in CHQ

`Build 6.31.39.0: PRO-3747`

Starting from version 6.31.39.0, all the fiscalization related settings are available at the country level in CHQ.

This update includes adding new tabs and settings to the **country details** dialog. This dialog is available in CHQ under `settings > company settings > countries / regions` on clicking **new** or when editing the selected country record.

Also, as a part of this update, it is no longer possible to change a country for an existing location record in CHQ under `settings > location settings > locations / location settings`.

{{% notice warning %}}
If the user made a mistake on the country while setting up a location, the record must be deactivated and a new location record should be created with the right country indicated.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Purpose

This update ensures that all the fiscalization related settings are consistently defined for all the stores across one country, thus, making each store compliant with respective country-based fiscal regulations.

#### Updated country details dialog

The **country details** dialog now contains the following tabs:

- **general**
- **POS**
- **fiscal**
- **invoice customer**

{{% notice info %}}
To access the **country details** dialog, go to `chq > settings > company settings > countries / regions > new` or **edit** the selected country record.
{{% /notice %}}

##### The general tab

{{% gimg src="631_chq_country1.jpg" width="700px"%}}

The **general** tab is available for every country and contains the settings that previously existed on the **[selected country]** dialog.

The tab consists of the following three sections:

- **general**
- **gift card defaults**
- **credit memo defaults**

A new field, **numeric code**, has been added to the **general** section of the **general** tab.

The numeric code is a three-digit country code that defines the name of the country and is also used to determine which country the document was made in.

Please note that the user can configure the **code**, **alpha 3 code**, and **numeric code** fields only when creating a new country record.

##### The POS tab

{{% gimg src="631_chq_country2.jpg" width="700px"%}}

The **POS** tab currently сontains only one section – **general** with one setting  – **allow sales and returns on the same transaction**.

If the **allow sales and returns on the same transaction** option is selected, in POS Pro, it becomes possible to add both sale and return items to a single Sales Receipt. On a new installation, this option is selected by default.

##### The fiscal tab

The **fiscal** tab is available only for countries that require fiscal settings. These settings are country-specific. As of version 6.31, in CHQ, the **fiscal** tab is available for France (NF 525) and Spain.

Please note that to be able to access the tab, the user must have the **Add/Edit Financial Settings in CHQ** security right.

##### The invoice customer tab

The **invoice customer** tab is available only for countries with fiscal requirements for invoicing customers. As of version 6.31, Spain is the only country in CHQ with the **invoice customer** tab.

{{% notice note %}}
For detailed description of Spain specific fiscal settings introduced in this release, see the [European fiscal compliance 一 Spain](#european-fiscal-compliance--spain) article of this guide.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[V6.31 Mobile Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1381565273/Version+6+Mobile+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

### European fiscal compliance – Spain

`Build 6.31.39.0: PRO-3329`

We’ve introduced the following changes in CHQ:

- Spain-specific fiscal settings have been added at the country level
- a new type of receipt document – Customer Invoice – has been added
- CHQ users can define required fields on Invoices
- for Customer Invoices, a separate transaction emailing type has been created

{{% notice tip  %}}
In Spain, issuing (printing) a **Customer Invoice** is required if the customer purchases items valued at 3,000 Euros or more as well as upon the customer’s request.  
In that case, the store staff can print an invoice instead of the regular customer receipt (regular Sales Receipt in Teamwork).
{{% /notice %}}

Also, at the device level, an extended list of transaction sequence numbers now displays.

#### Purpose

The update ensures the software compliance with Spanish fiscal legislation. Also, the introduced changes serve as a foundation for implementing similar logic for other countries.

#### Configuring fiscal settings

For Spain, the **fiscal** and **invoice customer** tabs are now available in the **country details** dialog.

To access the **country details** dialog, go to `chq > settings > company settings > countries / regions`, select **Spain**, and then click **edit**.

##### The fiscal tab

{{% notice note %}}
To access the **fiscal** and **invoice customer** tabs, the user must have the **Add/Edit Financial Settings CHQ** security right. For information on how to assign security rights to users, see the **Roles** section of the [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual).
{{% /notice %}}

In case of Spain, the **fiscal** tab includes the **SII** section with the following fiscal settings:  
{{% gimg src="631_chq_country_spain1.jpg" width="700px"%}}

- **VAT #**: the VAT number of the location that is printed on the invoice. Blank by default, max 30 characters allowed.
- **CIF #**: the tax ID number for all companies that is printed on the invoice. Typically, it consists of a letter followed by 8 digits (example: *B12345678*). The letter represents the type of entity. Max `30` characters is allowed.
- **auto-issue invoices when total reaches**: the field indicates that an invoice must be issued if the receipt total exceeds the amount defined. In POS Pro V6, if the indicated receipt total is reached, the Issue Invoice switch is turned on automatically and cannot be disabled. Values range from `0.00` to `999.999.99`. If `0.00` is entered, in POS Pro, the Issue Invoice switch is never turned on automatically. `3000.00` is set by default.

##### The invoice customer tab

The **invoice customer** tab contains the list of fields that can be marked as required for Customer Invoice in POS Pro V6. 
{{% gimg src="631_chq_country_spain2.jpg" width="700px"%}}
In POS Pro, these fields are populated by the user during sale processing, and the information from these fields then appears on the printed customer invoice.

The following fields are available in the section:

- **tax ID** (selected by default)
- **company name** (selected by default)
- **first name** (selected by default)
- **last name** (selected by default)
- **address 1** (selected by default)
- **address 2**
- **address 3**
- **address 4**
- **address 5**
- **city** (selected by default)
- **state/province** (selected by default)
- **postal code** (selected by default)
- **fiscal code**
- **country** (selected by default)
- **phone**
- **email**

#### Assigning a printing design to the Customer Invoice printing area of POS Pro

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that assigning at least one printing design to the Customer Invoice printing area is required for printing invoices in POS Pro. If none are assigned, no templates are available in POS Pro, and printing an invoice is not possible.
{{% /notice %}}

To assign an existing printing design to the Customer Invoice printing area, in CHQ:

1. Go to `settings >  printing > mobile printing designs`.
2. Double click the printing design record related to Customer Invoice.
3. In the **[your printing design]** dialog that opens, go to the **printing areas** tab.
4. Click to select the **customer invoice** record in the **printing area** column, then click **edit** above the grid (see the screenshot below).  
{{% gimg src="631_chq_country_spain3.jpg" width="700px"%}}  
5. In the **‘customer invoice’ area** dialog that opens, configure the following:
    - **selected**: make the printing area available in POS Pro V6
    - **display name**: enter the name of the printing area to display in POS Pro V6
    - **order**: define the order to display in the printing area of POS Pro V6
6. Click **save** twice for the changes to take place.

#### Creating a transaction email template for the Customer Invoice

We’ve added the capability to create transaction email templates of the **customer invoice** type in CHQ. In POS Pro, these templates are used when emailing the invoice to the customer.

To create a template, in CHQ:

1. Go to `settings > company settings > transaction emailing > new`.
2. In the dialog that opens, in the **type** field, select `customer invoice` (see the screenshot below).
{{% gimg src="631_chq_country_spain4.jpg" width="400px"%}}  
3. Populate the remaining fields of the **new transaction emailing** dialog.
4. Click **save**.

#### New transaction sequence number fields at the device level

For Spain, in CHQ, under `services > device controller > [selected device]`, on the **info** tab, we’ve added the following fields for display:

- **sale receipt**: the fiscal # of the last Sales Receipt with sale items
- **return receipt**: the fiscal # of the last Sales Receipt with return items
- **sale invoice**: the fiscal # of the last Customer Invoice with sale items
- **return invoice**: the fiscal # of the last Customer Invoice with return items

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual) in Teamwork Confluence

## Other Enhancements

### JSON-based Secure Customers Import API: the KeyField setting supports “MembershipCode”

`Build 6.31.30.0: PRO-3726`

The *KeyField* setting of the JSON-based Secure Customers Import API now supports the `MembershipCode` value in addition to `EID` and `No` (default).

This enhancement allows for updating light customer records that are created as a result of Sales Receipt import via JSON-based Secure Customer Import API.

Previously, this was impossible as the light customer record was created with the Membership Code only and the *KeyField* parameter of the JSON-based Secure Customer Import API supported `EID` and Customer `No`.

### Qty Status Ledger: indicating an adjustment reason for quantity updates

`Build 6.31.30.0: PRO-3622`

It is now possible to define an adjustment reason when updating item quantities in the Qty Status Ledger.

#### Purpose

Teamwork Quantity Status Ledger is a back-end functionality that allows for keeping track of the inventory that is not available for sale, for example, if it is in repair, under review, or damaged.

Storing information on unsellable goods at the warehouse locations allows the retailer to avoid overselling as well as other errors in handling incoming and outgoing merchandise with various statuses.

Additionally, information stored in the Qty Status Ledger is an important part of calculating and correctly allocating inventory when running the company’s day-to-day operations. For example, the quantities provided by the Qty Status Ledger are automatically excluded when running the replenishment process.

Also, “not sellable” quantities are always available for the retailer to track in the Real Time Availability view in CHQ.

#### Adjustment reason related changes

To accommodate changes related to the new capability, we’ve made the following updates:

- the **adjustment reason** field has been added to the JSON-based Qty Status Update API
- the **adjustment reason ID** field has been added to the Qty Status Adjustment table
- during the execution of the Qty Status Ledger Update job, the adjustment reason is now automatically indicated in the created adjustment memo if the reason is present in the Qty Status Adjustment table

## Issue Resolutions

### Incorrect multiple captures of the same payment

`Build 6.31.30.0: PRO-2607`

In version 6.31.30.0 of the software, we’ve fixed the issue where, occasionally, on capturing a payment, no corresponding log record or Sales Receipt would be created.

The above, in its turn, resulted in multiple incorrect captures of the same payment amount and required further manual reconciliation.
The text body under the expand.

### Certain Ship Memos not visible in POS

`Build 6.31.30.0: PRO-2603`

We’ve fixed the issue where Ship Memos, visible in CHQ, could be missing from the Teamwork POS Pro version 6 app.

That happened as, at the Ship Memo level, CustomerID was not populated. The latter was caused by the absence of the ship-to information in the respective Sales Order.

### Archived ASNs appear in POS Pro

`Build 6.31.30.0: DS-1853`

**Issue**  
In the POS Pro app, archived ASNs would sometimes appear in the Shipments > Incoming area.

**Resolution**  
Archived ASNs no longer display in the POS Pro app as expected.

### Issue with customer birthday date format

`Build 6.31.30.0: DS-1820`

**Issue**  
Prior to 6.31.30.0, when creating a new customer record under `chq > sales > customers > new`, the user sometimes couldn’t enter the customer’s birthday date in the MM/DD/YYYY format.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, it’s possible to define the birthday date in the MM/DD/YYYY format as expected.

### Performance optimizations

`Build 6.31.30.0: PRO-2814, PRO-2570, PRO-1234, PRO-2571`

To ensure better performance of the system, we’ve optimized the following:

- the Qty Status Ledger Reset process
- RTA-related functions and views
- Sales Order auto-processing

Also, at the database level, we’ve performed optimizations to the Sales Engine logic.

### JSON-based Qty Status Update API: ''Processor for apiRequestType 'QtyStatusUpdate' not found'' error

`Build 6.31.39.0: DS-1873`

We've fixed the issue where importing files via JSON-based Qty Status Update API could occasionally fail with the `Processor for apiRequestType 'QtyStatusUpdate' not found` error.

### Replenishment: the in ''progress'' status issue during production run

`Build 6.31.39.0: DS-1880`

Prior to version 6.31.39.0, the inventory replenishment process would sometimes remain in the `in progress` status when creating transfer orders even if the document creation was successfully completed.

The issue has been fixed. Now, the status of the replenishment updates as expected.
