---
title: "Version 6.35"
date: 2021-11-11T14:23:21+02:00
draft: false
weight: 96
---

## Sales

### Importing Gift Cards

`Build 6.35.58.0: PRO-7502`

In version 6.35.58.0, we've added the capability to import Gift Cards via CHQ UI.

#### Purpose

This feature can be helpful if, for example, legacy Gift Cards or Gift Cards from third-party systems must be imported.

Users can now import multiple Gift Cards within one XLS spreadsheet.

#### New security rights

To import gift cards, the user must be granted the following security rights:

Area | Name | Description |
:---------- | :----------- | :---------- |
Sales | Gift Card Imports - Access | Allows user to access Gift Card Import list and view import details |
Sales | Gift Card Imports - Add/Edit | Allows user to create, edit and delete a Gift Card Import |

{{% notice note %}}
For information on how to assign security rights to users, see the **Roles** section of the [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence").
{{% /notice %}}

#### How to access the gift card imports area

1. In CHQ, go to `sales > gift cards`.
2. In the area that opens, click the **import** button.
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_gci1.jpg" title="How to access the Gift Card Imports area" width="700px"%}}
3. In the **gift card imports** list view that opens, the following information is available:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_gci2.jpg" title="The Gift Card Imports area" width="800px"%}}

- **no**: import sequential number
- **status**: the import status; possible values are `reviewing`, `ready to import`, `error`, `importing`, `imported`
- **progress**: shows the progress bar for the reviewing and importing stages
- **description**: the description of the gift card import (added on import creation)
- **fiscal zone**: shows the fiscal zone where the imported Gift Cards will be available
- **created date**: the date of import creation
- **archived**: the checkbox indicating that the import is archived

Additionally, right-click the column header to add the following columns to the list:

- **file name**: the name of the imported file
- **created by**: the name of the user who created this import
- **import started date**: the date/time of the import start
- **imported by**: the name of the user who performed the import

Also, in the **gift card imports** list view, it’s possible to:

- create a new import ({{% inum "A" %}}  in the screenshot below)
- view information on the selected import ({{% inum "B" %}} )
- archive a selected import ({{% inum "C" %}} )
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_gci3.jpg" title="The Gift Card Imports area" width="800px"%}}

Filtering is available by the **status** and **archived** values ({{% inum "D" %}}  in the screenshot above).

#### How to create a new import

1. In CHQ, go to `sales > gift cards > import`.
2. In the area that opens, click **new** to open the **new gift card import** dialog:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_gci4.jpg" title="The new gift card import dialog" width="500px"%}}
3. Click the **…** button ({{% inum "A" %}}  in the screenshot above) to select and upload a file from your device.  
Alternatively, to download the template and prepare a new import, click **download template** ({{% inum "B" %}} ).
4. In the **fiscal zone** field, select the required fiscal zone.
5. Add your description to the **import description** field, if needed.
6. To review the file without importing, click the **review only** button.
7. Click the **import** button to run the import process.

#### How to review an existing import record

To review the details of an existing import:

1. Under `chq > sales > gift cards > import`, click to select the required import record.
2. Then click **view**.  
Clicking **view** opens the **general** tab of the **gift card import [number] - [status]** dialog:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_gci5.jpg" title="The gift card import [number] - [status] dialog" width="600px"%}}
On the **general** tab, the information on the selected import displays. Also, to download the imported file, click **download file** in the **file** field.

3. On the **errors** tab, it's possible to review import related errors and warnings:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_gci6.jpg" title="The gift card import [number] - [status] dialog" width="600px"%}}
The following information is available in the grid:

    - severity level (error or warning)
    - error / warning text
    - error / warning description

Additionally, at the bottom of the dialog, the following options are available:

- **hold** the import (visible for imports in `ready to import` or `error` statuses)
- **import** the uploaded file (visible for `ready to import` status)
- **discard** the import (visible for imports in `ready to import` or `error` statuses)
- **close** the dialog (visible for `imported` status).

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual Sales & eCommerce](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1370849373/6.0+Series "Version 6 Sales & eCommerce in Teamwork Confluence")

### Controlling Gift Card stock quantity

`Build 6.35.58.0: PRO-7080`

We’ve added a new **qty adjustment PLU** setting to the **service item** dialog in the inventory catalog.

#### Purpose

The new **qty adjustment PLU** setting allows for keeping track of physical Gift Cards that are present in the inventory catalog as service items.

When a physical gift card item is sold, the associated qty for **qty adjustment PLU** will be deducted from inventory automatically.

However, if such a service item is returned (the card is most likely to be destroyed because of security reasons, for example, a gift card pin can be exposed, etc), inventory catalog will not be updated.

#### How to configure

1. In CHQ, go to `inventory > styles & items`.
2. Create a new service item or find and open the existing service item.
3. In the dialog that opens, in the **control & usage** section of the **general** tab, click **select** next to the new **qty adjustment PLU** field:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_adjqty1.jpg" title="New qty adjustment PLU field in the service item dialog" width="600px"%}}
Clicking **select** opens the **item search** dialog.
4. In the dialog that opens, use the **search field** to find and select the required item, then click **ok**.
{{% notice note %}}
Back in the **service item** dialog, to remove the selected item, click the **cross** button next to **qty adjustment PLU**.
{{% /notice %}}
5. Click **save** for the changes to take place.

#### The qty adjustment PLU field accross CHQ

Additionally, the **qty adjustment PLU** field is available in the following areas of CHQ:

1. `settings > inventory/catalog > styles & items designer > general service item > design`

2. `inventory > styles & items > [selected service item] > general tab`

3. `inventory > styles & items > imports`, in particular:

    - **qty adjustment PLU** can be assigned when importing items under `chq > inventory > styles & items > imports > new`
    - **qty adjustment PLU** is available in the **inventory item** dialog that opens from the **inventory catalog import - ## - held** dialog under `chq > inventory > styles & items > imports > [selected import] > edit > items tab > [selected item] > edit > general tab`
    - **qty adjustment PLU** is available in the **inventory catalog import - ## - imported** dialog under `chq > inventory > styles & items > imports > [selected import] > edit > items tab`

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

## Settings

### Gift Card number validation and generation masks

`Build 6.35.58.0: PRO-7501`

In CHQ, it is now possible to configure gift card number validation and generation masks.

#### Purpose

The Gift Card validation mask allows for setting rules for gift card numbers. When a new gift card number is created in CHQ or POS PRO that doesn't match the pattern from the validation mask, the user sees the respective error message.

The Gift Card number generation mask allows for setting the rules for creating virtual gift card numbers in the following scenarios:

- processing returns in the Returns Manager
- creating an Appease Memo
- shipping a virtual gift card after accepting a Sales Order

#### How to configure the gift card number mask settings

In CHQ, to configure gift card number masks:

1. Go to `settings > company settings > credit & reward platform > fiscal zones`.
2. Double click the required fiscal zone in the table.
3. In the dialog that opens, go to the **gift cards** tab.
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_gc3a.jpg" title="Removing an existing gift card # validation mask option" width="700px"%}}
4. In the **gift card number** section:

    - to add a new validation mask, under the **gift card # validation mask** field, click **add** ({{% inum "A" %}} ). In the dialog that opens, enter the required regular expression and then click **add**
    {{% notice info %}}
The validation mask is set up by defining a regular expression. For example, expression `[A-z]{3}[0-9]{6}` allows for Gift Card numbers such as `Abc123456` by setting the following pattern:

- the first three characters must be letters, either upper or lower case
- the last six characters must be numerals in the range between 0 and 9

Please note that multiple masks can be set up within one fiscal zone.
{{% /notice %}}
    - to remove an existing validation mask, click to select the required mask and then click **remove** ({{% inum "B" %}} )
    - to set up the generation mask, define the **gift card # generation mask** field ({{% inum "C" %}} )

5. Once finished, click **save** at the bottom-right.

#### See also

- [V6.35 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.35_mobile_rel_guide/ "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.35")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

### New Virtual Gift Card related settings

`Build 6.35.58.0: PRO-7078`

In CHQ, it is now possible to configure:

- the display of the **Virtual Gift Card Purchase** option in POS PRO
- the display of Virtual Gift Card details on sale finalization in POS PRO

#### How to add Virtual Gift Card Purchase for display in POS

To add **Virtual Gift Card Purchase** to the **Sales Receipt** area in POS PRO V6:

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer`.
2. In the area that opens, choose `Point of Sale V6 > iPad > Sales Receipt > Receipt Options`.  
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_vgc1.jpg" title=" Receipt Options in V6 App Designer" width="450px"%}}
3. Under **available fields**, find and then press and drag **Virtual Gift Card Purchase** to the **layout** section.
{{% notice note %}}
Please note that the order of labels in the **layout** section defines the order in which they display in POS PRO.
{{% /notice %}}
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_vgc2.jpg" title="Virtual Gift Card Purchase in V6 App Designer" width="600px"%}}
Alternatively, to remove a field from the area, press the required label and then drag it out of the **layout** area.
4. Click **save**.

#### How to configure the display of Virtual Gift Card details on sale finalization

To allow for displaying the details of sold Virtual Gift Cards in the **Sale Complete** area of POS PRO:

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > sales > sales documents`.
2. In the **general** section, select the **display virtual gift card details after finalize receipt** checkbox.
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_vgc3.jpg" title="The display virtual gift card details after finalize receipt checkbox in the sales documents area" width="700px"%}}
3. Click **save**.

#### See also

- [V6.35 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.34_mobile_rel_guide "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.35")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

### Virtual Gift Card delivery

`Build 6.35.58.0: PRO-7500`

We've introduced the capability to manage delivery of Virtual Gift Cards to customers. This resulted in the following updates in CHQ:

- adding a new **delivery** tab at the gift card level (`sales > gift cards > [your gift card]`), and
- adding the capability to configure transactional emails related to VGC delivery.

#### Purpose

{{% notice info %}}
**Terminology and abbreviations**

**Buyer** – a person who buys a gift card.  
**Giftee** – a person who the gift card is bought for.  
**Virtual Gift Card**, or **VGC** – a digital code that can be used for redeeming, no actual card is required for redemption.
{{% /notice %}}

Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite now allows retailers to sell Virtual Gift Cards (VGCs) in stores and have them delivered to the buyer or giftee via email.

In particular, customers now have the capability to:

- schedule emailing the VGC for a specific date and time,
- add a custom text message to the email,
- have the VGC sent the buyer’s instead of the giftee’s email, or receive a confirmation when the VGC is sent to the giftee.

#### How to configure delivery settings for a Gift Card

1. In CHQ, go to `sales > gift cards`.
2. Create new or find and open your Gift Card.
3. In the dialog that opens, go to the **delivery** tab:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_GCdelivery1.jpg" title="Configuring the dift card delivery settings" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
All the settings available in the **delivery** tab are not editable if:

- the selected Gift Card has the `deactivated` status
- the user doesn’t have the **Add or edit Gift Cards area** security right.
{{% /notice %}}

4. Populate the following fields of the **general** section:
Setting  | Description | Value |
:---------- | :----------- | :---------- |
**giftee email** | receiver's email address | max 128 characters allowed, empty by default; required if **giftee email status**=`scheduled` {{% notice info %}}
If the **giftee email** is changed after the delivery has been scheduled, the email is sent to the new email address.
{{% /notice %}}|
**giftee name**| receiver's name | max 128 characters allowed, empty by default |
**buyer email**| email of the customer who bought the Gift Card | max 128 characters allowed, empty by default; required if **giftee email status**=`scheduled` and **send confirmation to buyer** is selected |
**buyer name**| name of the customer who bought the Gift Card | max 128 characters allowed, empty by default |
**send confirmation to buyer**| select the checkbox to enable sending email confirmation to the buyer | the checkbox is clear by default |
**location**| the location that should be used to choose a template for the email | empty by default; required if **giftee email status**=`scheduled` {{% notice info %}} 
If a giftee email notification is scheduled and **location** has been changed, then template for the email will be chosen according to the new location.{{% /notice %}}|
**template option**| the template option that should be used in the email. This setting may be useful if you are using a custom template that includes several text variants | Values range from `0` to `2147483647`, `0` is set by default |
**send on**| the date and time when the email is to be sent | date in the `mm/dd/yyyy hh:mm` format, empty by default {{% notice info %}} 
If a giftee email notification is scheduled and **send on** has been changed, then the email notification will be sent according to the new schedule.{{% /notice %}}|
**giftee email status**| the status of the Virtual Gift Card email delivery, not editable | Possible values are: <ul><li>`not scheduled`: the transactional email to the giftee is not scheduled. This status is assigned to GCs sold in POS that didn't have the **Send Date / Time** field populated and GCs that were manually created in CHQ </li><li>`scheduled`: the transactional email to the giftee is scheduled</li><li>`sent`: the transactionsl email has been sent to the giftee</li><li>`cancelled`the transactional email to the giftee is cancelled</li></ul>|

For GCs with email **giftee status**=`not scheduled`, to schedule such an email:

- fill out the **send on** field (if not filled out, the email is sent immediately), and then
- click **send email** in the **giftee email status** field. The email status will change to `scheduled`. 

To cancel the email, click **cancel** in the **giftee email status** field.

5. Additionally, to add a custom text message that the giftee will see in the email, define the **gift message** field.
6. Click **save**.

#### New transactional email types

In CHQ, under `settings > company settings > transaction emailing`, we've added the following two transactional email types:

- "virtual gift card delivery to giftee" and
- "virtual gift card delivery confirmation"

Additionally, the existing "virtual gift card delivery" email type has been renamed to "SO virtual gift card delivery".

#### See also

- [V6.35 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.34_mobile_rel_guide "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.35")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual Sales & eCommerce](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1370849373/6.0+Series "Version 6 Sales & eCommerce in Teamwork Confluence")

### Configuring Gift Card Transfer for display in POS

`Build 6.35.58.0: PRO-7345`

In CHQ, we've extended the V6 App Designer functionality to allow for adding a new **Gift Card Transfer** area to the **Sales Receipt** area in POS PRO.

Once added, POS users can transfer balance between Teamwork Gift Cards.

#### Purpose

Transferring GC balance may be useful if, for example, the customer wants to consolidate the values of several GCs into one GC.

#### How to add Gift Card Transfer for display in POS PRO

In CHQ, to add **Gift Card Transfer** to the **Sales Receipt** area in POS PRO V6:

1. Go to `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer`.
2. In the area that opens, choose `Point of Sale V6 > iPad > Sales Receipt > Receipt Options`.  
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_vgtr1.jpg" title=" Receipt Options in V6 App Designer" width="450px"%}}
3. Under **available fields**, find and then press and drag **Gift Card Transfer** to the **layout** section.
{{% notice note %}}
Please note that the order of labels in the **layout** section defines the order in which they display in POS PRO.
{{% /notice %}}
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_vgtr2.jpg" title="Gift Card Transfer in V6 App Designer" width="600px"%}}
Alternatively, to remove a field from the area, press the required label and then drag it out of the **layout** area.
4. Click **save**.

#### See also

[V6.35 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.34_mobile_rel_guide "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.35")

### European fiscal compliance: Sweden

`Build 6.35.58.0: PRO-5973, PRO-7239`

{{% notice warning %}}
As of version 6.35.58.0 of the software, the functionality described below is under review.  
The final release is planned for future version of CHQ and may involve changes to the described features.
{{% /notice %}}

To ensure compliance with the fiscal requirements in Sweden, we're adding new fiscalization related settings to the country record of Sweden in CHQ.

#### Purpose

To be compliant with Swedish fiscal requirements, Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite is integrating with INFRASEC Central Control Unit (INFRASEC CCU).

{{% notice info %}}
**INFRASEC CCU** is a cloud-based fiscal service. Once integrated, the CCU receives and stores information about transactions completed within the Teamwork system. The CCU then sends back a control code for every transaction which is stored and can be printed on the respective receipt.
{{% /notice %}}

To make INFRASEC integration available for a device (an iPad running the POS PRO app), in CHQ, it's required to:

1. configure integration-related settings at the company and location levels
2. create a device record in CHQ

#### Configuring fiscalization related settings

##### Company level

1. For Sweden, the **fiscal** tab is now available in the **country details** dialog.

To access the **country details** dialog, go to `chq > settings > company settings > countries / regions`, select **Sweden**, and then click **edit**.

{{% notice note %}}
To access the **fiscal** tab, the user must have the **Add/Edit Financial Settings CHQ** security right. For information on how to assign security rights to users, see the **Roles** section of the [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence").
{{% /notice %}}
In the **fiscal** tab, to configure integration with INFRASEC, populate the following fields:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_swe1.jpg" title="The fiscal tab of the SE dialog" width="600px"%}}

- **fiscal server code**: a 4-character Client Server Code. This value is provided by Teamwork based on the INFRASEC configuration and must be unique for every client.
- **fiscal server name**: the Client Server Name. This value is provided by Teamwork based on the INFRASEC configuration and must be unique for every client.
- **corporate ID**: the retailer’s Tax Identification Number, max 95 characters, required

To specify a template for the fiscal report, click **select** next to the **X-Z report** field.

{{% notice warning %}}
It's not possible to change **fiscal server code**, **fiscal server name**, and **corporate ID** after the fields are populated and **save** is clicked.
{{% /notice %}}

2. Under` settings > company settings > company information`, in addition to required (*), populate the following fields as well:

    - **name**
    - **address 1**
    - **postal code**
    - **city**

These fields are required for your POS device to be registered with INFRASEC.

##### Location level

Under `settings > location settings > locations/location settings > [your location]`:

- the **country** must equal `Sweden`
- the **fiscal** option must be selected
- the **open** option must be selected
- the **inactive** option must be cleared

Also, at the location level, in addition to required (*), populate the following fields as well:

- **name**
- **address 1** (in the **address** section)
- **postal code**
- **city**
- **phone**
- **email**

These fields are required for your POS device to be registered with INFRASEC.

Now, proceed to create a new device record.

#### Creating a device record in CHQ

To create a new device record, in CHQ under `services > device controller`, click **new**.

In the **new device** dialog, perform the required configurations paying specific attention to the following:

- the location you select must have `Sweden` specified as the country and the fiscal option selected
- application must be “Teamwork POS - 6.0”

{{% notice note %}}
Make sure that the **device name** value matches the actual name of your device (iPad). On the device, you can check or change the device name under `Settings > General > About > Name`.
{{% /notice %}}

On saving the record, the respective device is automatically registered with INFRASEC.

Now you can optionally validate the connection with INFRASEC.

#### Validating device connection with INFRASEC

In CHQ, it is possible to check if a connection with INFRASEC CCU for the device record is successfully established. To do so:

1. Go to `chq > services > device controller`.
2. Find your device and click it.
3. In the edit device dialog that opens, go to the **info** tab.
4. Click **validate connection**:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 CHQ Release Guide/635_chq_swe2.png" title="The validate connection button in the edit device dialog" width="500px"%}}
Clicking **validate connection** may lead to one of the following:

    - the **Connection successful** dialog appears
    - the **Connection unavailable** dialog appears
    - the **error** dialog appears. This means that connection could not be checked because some of the fields at the company and/or location level are not filled out. The missing information will be listed in the **error** dialog.

#### See also

- [V6.35 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.34_mobile_rel_guide "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.35")
- [Onboarding Guide: Swedish Fiscal Integration with INFRASEC Services](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Prodint/pages/3374972945/Documentation+on+Fiscalization+Functionality "Onboarding Guide: Swedish Fiscal Integration with INFRASEC Services") on Teamwork Confluence

## Issue resolutions

### JSON-based Sales Order Full Export API: Export failed when sorting applied

`Build 6.35.58.0: DS-2484`

We've fixed the issue where exporting a Sales Order via JSON-based Sales Order Full Export API would occasionally fail when any of the sorting options was applied in the API request.

### Fixed filtering customers by receipt#

`Build 6.35.58.0: DS-2547`

We’ve fixed the issue where filtering customer records under `chq > sales > customers` by **receipt #** would occasionally fail with an error message.

### JSON-based Sales Receipt Export API: Incorrect list number in the return Sales Receipts

`Build 6.35.58.0: DS-1805, DS-2601`

**Issue**  
Prior to 6.35.58.0, when exporting original Sales Receipt together with return Sales Receipts using JSON-based Sales Receipt Export API, the "OrigReceiptItemLineNo" value for each return receipt could occasionally fail to match the value assigned in  the original Sales Receipt.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, the "OrigReceiptItemLineNo" value is correctly exported for original and return Sales Receipts.
