---
title: "Version 6.36"
date: 2021-11-15T13:16:52+02:00
draft: false
weight: 95
---

## Sales

### Promotion engine: New filters for promotions

`Build 6.36.23.0: PRO-7555, PRO-7577`

We've extended the list of available filters that allow for applying promotions to specific customers or their groups.

The update allows for applying promotions based on the following new customer filters:

- date of birth
- creation date
- loyalty opt-in status
- postal code
- employee status
- customer attribute values.

This resulted in adding new as well as regrouping the existing settings at the promo engine level.

#### Purpose

The update may be helpful for the situations when the retailer wants to сongratulate the customer on their birthday with a particular promo valid for the birthday period.

Also, it is now possible for retailers to give customers a promo on their anniversary of becoming a member.

The retailers can now allow promos for those customers who have opted in to the retailer’s loyalty program. For example, new VIP customers can get a “welcome” promo coupon for joining.

Furthermore, it's now possible to have promotions for customers from a particular region. This allows retailers to provide local promotions for regional events, holidays, or other specific market reasons.

This enhancement provides the capability to create promotions for customers that are also employees. Retailers like for their staff to wear or use the merchandise they sell, this allows for special promotions just for staff.

Additionally, using Customer Attributes enables for tailored promotions based on specific customer attributes as captured by the retailer. For example, you want a promo to be created for customers who've never actually made a purchase. The automated analysis of sales in BigQuery can reveal who’s never purchased, and a specifically implemented custom logic can then set the **Has Purchased** attribute you created for your customers to **No**. Then, as a result, a special welcome promo that you also created is automatically applied to all the customers filtered out based on the **Has Purchased** attribute value.

#### How to configure new promotion filters

The new filters are available in the **edit promotion engine** dialog under `chq > sales > promotion engine > [your promotion engine] > edit > the options tab`, in the **customer** section.

1. **allow during birthday period only**: you can allow promotion for customers during their birthday period only. This period is
configured as `X` **days before** and `Y` **days after** a customer’s date of birth.
2. **restrict to customer creation date**: you can specify promotions for customers whose records were created within a particular period. This period is defined by the **from** and **to** creation date settings.
3. **loyalty opt-ins only**: you can allow promos for those customers who have opted in to the retailer’s loyalty program.
{{% notice info %}}
In CHQ, the **loyalty program opt-in** setting must be set to `yes` under `sales > customers > [selected customer] > membership`.
{{% /notice %}}
4. **restrict customer postal codes**: you can limit the use of promotion in a particular region. The region(s) is defined by a range of postal codes (in the **from** `X` and **to** `Y` fields).
5. **allow for employee only**: you can allow promotions for customers that are also employees.  
Please be advised that for employees the **employee** checkbox must be selected on the customer’s record under `sales > customers > [selected customer] > general`.
6. **restrict by customer attributes (text)**: it is possible to base promos on automatically managed customer attributes. Specify a customer attribute in the **allow if** field and your value in the **=** field.  
To add more restriction rules, click **add rule**. Otherwise, to remove the existing rule, click **remove** next to your record.
{{% notice note %}}
To create a new customer attribute of the text type, in CHQ go to `settings > customers > customer attributes > new`, select `text` in the **type** field and click **save**.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Updated edit promotion engine dialog

{{% notice info %}}
To open the **edit promotion engine** dialog, go to `chq > sales > promotion engine > list`. In the **list** view that opens, click to select the required promotion record and then **edit** at the top.
{{% /notice %}}

We’ve introduced the following updates to the **new/edit promotion engine** dialog:

- the existing settings have been divided between the **general** and **options** tabs
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_promo1.jpg" title="The general tab of the new promotion engine dialog" width="700px"%}}
- on the **options** tab, the existing settings are now grouped in two sections - **customer** and **receipt conditions**
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_promo.jpg" title="The options tab of the new promotion engine dialog" width="700px"%}}

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual Sales & eCommerce](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1370849373/6.0+Series "Version 6 Sales & eCommerce in Teamwork Confluence")

## Settings

### Making customer custom fields read-only in POS PRO

`Build 6.36.23.0: PRO-6391`

As of version 6.36, we’ve added the capability to configure if customer custom fields can be edited in POS PRO V6.

#### Purpose

This update may be useful for the situations when the user needs to make several customer custom fields read-only in POS PRO.

{{% notice note %}}
To configure the new setting, the user must have the **Edit Customer** and **Edit secure customer fields** security rights in POS PRO.

For information on how to assign security rights to users, see the **Roles** section of the [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence").
{{% /notice %}}

#### How to configure

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > customer > custom fields > customer`.
2. In the area that opens, click to select your record and then click **edit** above the grid.
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_customer1.jpg" title="Selecting a customer record in the custom fields - customer area" width="700px"%}}
3. In the dialog that opens, select the **secure** checkbox.
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_customer2.jpg" title="Selecting the secure checkbox" width="400px"%}}
4. Click **save**.

Once saved, the respective state (selected or cleared) displays in the newly added **secure** column next to the edited custom field in the grid.

#### See also

[V6.36 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.36_mobile_rel_guide/ "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.36")

### New security right for discarding receipts in POS PRO

`Build 6.36.23.0: PRO-7918`

As of version 6.36, we’ve added a new security right – **Discard receipt with payment**:

Area | Right | Description |
:----------- |:----------- |:----------- |
Sales | Discard receipt with payment | Allows the user to discard a sales receipt with an approved payment |

If the user has the **Discard receipt with payment** security right and attempts to discard the sale with an approved credit card or gift card payment, POS PRO prompts for confirmation.

If the user does not have the **Discard receipt with payment** security right, POS PRO asks for a Manager Override.

{{% notice note %}}
For information on how to assign security rights to users, see the **Roles** section of the [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence").
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[V6.36 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.36_mobile_rel_guide/ "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.36")

### Making a customer required on receipt for emailing options

`Build 6.36.23.0: PRO-8067`

As of version 6.36, we’ve added a new **require customer on receipt for emailing options** checkbox at the country level in CHQ.

#### Purpose

The new setting allows for meeting GDPR regulations when, for example, issuing Virtual Gift Cards (VGCs) in POS PRO. In particular, the setting allows for making customer's email required for emailing purposes. Giftee email is not collected according to GDPR.

#### How to configure

To indicate that a customer is required on Sales Receipt to allow emailing:

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > company settings > countries / regions`.
2. Find your country record and open it.
3. In the dialog that opens, in the **gift card defaults** section of the **general** tab, select the **require customer on receipt for emailing options** checkbox:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_gdpr1.jpg" title="The require customer on receipt for emailing options checkbox in the country dialog" width="600px"%}}
4. Click **save**.

#### See also

- [V6.36 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.36_mobile_rel_guide/ "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.36")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

### Gift Card Balance Check

`Build 6.36.23.0: PR0-7842`

We've extended the existing payment method functionality to allow checking the available balance of a Gift Card from the **Payments** area on POS PRO. For this feature to be available in POS, it must be configured in CHQ.

#### Purpose

To be able to check a Gift Card balance, a new payment method must be created in CHQ.

Selecting this method in POS and entering or scanning the code retrieves the available balance, but does not take payment.

In version 6.36, only Teamwork Gift Card balance can be checked.

#### How to create the payment method

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > sales > payment methods`.
2. In the area that opens, click the **new** button.
3. In the dialog that opens, select `check balance`, then click **ok**.
4. In the **new payment method** dialog, populate the necessary fields:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_checkbalance1.jpg" title="The new check balance payment method" width="450px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
The user can enter any value in the **code** field. It’s not required that the payment type name and the value in the **code** field coincide.
{{% /notice %}}
5. Click **save**.

#### How to configure

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > sales > payment methods`.
2. In the area that opens, select the **check balance payment** method.
3. Above the grid, click the **location settings** button.
4. In the dialog that opens, select the necessary location.
5. Click **edit**.
6. In the dialog that opens, select the **visible** checkbox:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_checkbalance2.jpg" title="The new check balance payment method" width="400px"%}}
7. Save your changes.

#### See also

- [V6.36 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.36_mobile_rel_guide/ "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.36")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

### Loading the "no re-load" Gift Cards

`Build 6.36.23.0: PRO-4151`

As of version 6.36, we’ve added the capability to load a Gift Card marked as "no reload" if it was never loaded.

#### Purpose

This update may be useful for the situations when the user needs to load a pre-registered Gift Card marked as "no reload" on the moment of sale.

Please be advised that not all Gift Cards come pre-loaded, many are loaded at Point of Sale.

#### Changes in various CHQ areas

1. At the fiscal zone level, under `settings > company settings > credit & reward platform > fiscal zone > [selected fiscal zone] > gift cards > the defaults section`, the **allow balance recharge** checkbox has been renamed to **allow balance reload**:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_reload1.jpg" title="The allow balance reload checkbox in the fiscal zone dialog" width="700px"%}}
2. Under `sales > gift cards > list`:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_reload2.jpg" title="The no reload column in the gift card list view" width="700px"%}}
    - the **no recharge** column has been renamed to **no reload**
    - the **no refund** column has been removed
3. Under `sales > gift cards > list > [your Gift Card] > edit > general`, the **no recharge** field has been renamed to **no reload**:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_reload3.jpg" title="The no reload checkbox in the gift card dialog" width="700px"%}}
4. Under `sales > gift cards > import > new > download template`, the **No Recharge** column has been renamed to **No Reload** in the **Gift Card Import Template**.

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

## Issue resolutions

### JSON-based Coupon Export API: Wrong coupon status and type in response

`Build 6.36.23.0: DS-2595`

We’ve added a "promo activation" string value to the **Type** parameter of the JSON-based Coupon Export API.

### Updated JSON-based Purchase Order Export API

`Build 6.36.23.0: DS-2653`

We've added the **buyer** field to the response for JSON-based Purchase Order Export API.

### Inability to change password upon login in CHQ

`Build 6.36.23.0: DS-2644`

We’ve fixed the issue where upon login to CHQ and trying to change the password to the previous one, the error message didn't describe that the new password should be new and unique.
