---
title: "Version 6.37"
date: 2021-11-26T11:36:36+02:00
draft: false
weight: 94
---

## Settings

### The discount reason description

`Build 6.37.24.0: PR0-6618`

As of version 6.37.24.0, we’ve introduced the capability to specify the discount reason description as well as make this description required for Sales Receipt finalization in POS PRO. To enable the feature in POS, you need to configure it in CHQ.

#### Purpose

The feature allows the store associate to describe the reason for granting a discount. It makes the reporting more accurate, provides visibility, and adds accountability for discount reasons.

#### How to configure

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > sales > discount reasons`.
2. In the area that opens, click to select your discount reason record and then click **edit**.
3. On the **general** tab, in the **require purpose text** field, select one of the following options:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_discount.jpg" title="The require purpose text field in the discount reason dialog" width="600px"%}}
    - `<none>`: the field does not display in POS PRO, set by default on adding a new discount reason
    - `optional`: specifying a discount reason is possible but not required
    - `required`: a discount reason must be specified to finalize your Sales Receipt

4. Click **save**.

#### See also

- Discount reason description in [V6.37 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.37_mobile_rel_guide/ "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.37")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

### The return reason description

`Build 6.37.24.0: PR0-6620`

As of version 6.37.24.0, we’ve added the capability to add the return reason description as well as make this description required for Sales Receipt finalization in POS PRO. To enable the feature in POS, you need to configure it in CHQ.

#### Purpose

The feature allows the store associate to describe the reason for the return. It makes the reporting more accurate, provides visibility, and adds accountability for return reasons.

#### How to configure

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > sales > return reasons`.
2. In the area that opens, click the **new** button.
3. In the dialog that opens, populate the required fields.
4. In the **require purpose text** field, select one of the following options:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 CHQ Release Guide/636_chq_returnreason.jpg" title="The require purpose text field in the return reason dialog" width="450px"%}}
    - `<none>`: the field does not display in POS PRO, set by default on adding a new return reason
    - `optional`: specifying a return reason is possible but not required
    - `required`: a return reason must be specified to finalize your Sales Receipt
5. Click **save**.

#### See also

- [V6.37 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.37_mobile_rel_guide/ "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.37")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

### European fiscal compliance: Sweden

`Build 6.37.24.0: PRO-5973, PRO-7239`

Testing of the [fiscal functionality for Sweden](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.35_chq_relguide/#european-fiscal-compliance-sweden) has been completed.

#### See also

- [V6.35 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.35_chq_relguide/ "CHQ Release Guide Version 6.35")
- [V6.35 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.34_mobile_rel_guide "Mobile Release Guide Version 6.35")
- [Onboarding Guide: Swedish Fiscal Integration with INFRASEC Services](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Prodint/pages/3374972945/Documentation+on+Fiscalization+Functionality "Onboarding Guide: Swedish Fiscal Integration with INFRASEC Services") on Teamwork Confluence

### Tracking Gift Card Transfer transactions

`Build 6.37.24.0: PRO-8319`

We’ve extended the Gift Card functionality to allow for keeping track of the balance transfer between the source and target Gift Cards. This resulted in the following updates in CHQ:

- adding reference to the source Gift Card at the Gift Card transaction level
- adding a new **balance transfer - qty adjustment PLU** setting at the fiscal zone level.

#### Purpose

This enhancement allows for creating reports with information about the source Gift Card as well as details of the Gift Card balance transfer transaction.

Additionally, introducing the new **balance transfer - qty adjustment PLU** setting streamlines the control of the Gift Card stock quantity that may change resulting from the balance transfer.

#### Checking a source Gift Card in the gift card dialog

1. In CHQ, go to `sales > gift cards > list`.
2. Find your Gift Card and click **view/edit**.
3. In the **gift card - ### - [status]** dialog that opens, go to the **transactions** tab.
4. In the **transactions** tab, add the **source gift card #** column to the table if the column doesn’t display.  
To do so, right-click the table header and select the **source gift card #** checkbox. On adding, in the column, you will see the unique ID of the balance transfer transaction (*SourceTransactionID*). If there was no balance transfer transaction, then **source gift card #** is left empty:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 CHQ Release Guide/637_chq_GClink1.jpg" title="The source gift card # in the gift card dialog" width="600px"%}}
Alternatively, you can review the **source gift card #** value in the **transaction #** dialog. To open the dialog, on the **transactions** tab, select the transaction record and click **view**. In the dialog, the unique ID of the balance transfer transaction displays in the **source gift card #** field:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 CHQ Release Guide/637_chq_GClink2.jpg" title="The source gift card # field in the transaction ### dialog" width="600px"%}}
5. Close the **transaction #** dialog and then click **cancel**.

#### Configuring Gift Card stock quantity control

To control Gift Card stock quantity that may change resulting from the balance transfer, it is required to set the respective qty adjustment PLU value. To do so:

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > company settings > credit & reward platform > fiscal zones`.
2. Double click the required fiscal zone in the table.
3. In the dialog that opens, go to the **gift cards** tab.
4. In the **general** section, click **select** next to the **balance transfer - qty adjustment PLU** field:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 CHQ Release Guide/637_chq_qtyadj1.jpg" title="The balance transfer - qty adjustment PLU field in the fiscal zone dialog" width="600px"%}}
Clicking **select** opens the **item search** dialog.
5. In the dialog that opens, use the **search field** to find and select the required item, then click **ok**.
{{% notice note %}}
Back in your **fiscal zone** dialog, to remove the selected item, click the **cross** button next to the **balance transfer - qty adjustment PLU** field.
{{% /notice %}}
6. Click **save** for the changes to take place.

#### See also

- [Cloud HQ User Manual Sales & eCommerce](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1370849373/6.0+Series "Version 6 Sales & eCommerce in Teamwork Confluence")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/130658051/Settings+Manual "Version 6 – Settings Manual in Teamwork Confluence")

### Performance optimizations in CHQ UI areas

`Build 6.37.24.0: PRO-7150, PRO-7153, PRO-7154, PRO-7155, PRO-7156, PRO-7157, PRO-7158`

With this update, we've optimized performance of CHQ UI.

This optimization aims at improving user experience with the following CHQ areas:

- `chq > settings > location settings > location price groups`
- `chq > settings > location settings > model stock groups`
- `chq > settings > location settings > width groups`
- `chq > settings > location settings > location depth groups`
- `chq > settings > location settings > location min ship groups`
- `chq > settings > location settings > denomination plan groups`
- `chq > settings > location settings > external locations`

### Removed areas: shopper display groups and MAC addresses

`Build 6.37.24.0: PRO-6736, PRO-6734`

As of version 6.37, we’ve removed the **shopper display groups** and **MAC addresses** areas from CHQ since they are no longer used. These areas were previously available under:

- `chq > settings > company settings > shopper display groups`
- `chq > settings > company settings > MAC addresses`

## Sales

### Sales Order: New guest checkout setting

`Build 6.37.24.0: PRO-8113`

We’ve added a new **guest checkout** indicator to Sales Orders in CHQ under `sales > order management > [your sales order] > the customer tab`:

{{% gimg src="V6.37 CHQ Release Guide/637_chq_guestcheckout1a.jpg" title="The guest checkout checkbox in the sales order dialog" width="700px"%}}

The **guest checkout** indicator:

- specifies that the respective Sales Order is not linked to the registered customer record
- is always selected and not editable
- applies to web orders and offline transactions

{{% notice tip %}}
You can enable autolinking to registered customer records for guest checkouts in CHQ under `settings > customer > customer settings` in the **web order guest checkout - link to registered customer** and **offline transactions - link to registered customer** sections.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [Cloud HQ User Manual Sales & eCommerce](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1370849373/6.0+Series "Version 6 Sales & eCommerce in Teamwork Confluence")
- [Linking a customer’s temporary account to the registered account in V6.27 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.33_chq_relguide/#linking-a-customers-temporary-account-to-the-registered-account "In V6.34 CHQ Release Guide")

### Returns Manager: Refunding payments made via Adyen Terminal API

`Build 6.37.24.0: PRO-8136`

We’ve extended the Returns Manager functionality to provide the user with the capability to refund payments for Send Sales to the original payment method. In particular, if payments were originally made from POS PRO via Adyen Terminal API integration.

#### See also

- [Adyen integration: credit card and credit card credit payment configuration in V6.27 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/legacy/ "In V6.27 CHQ Release Guide")
- [Adyen Integration in V6.27 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/legacy/ "In V6.27 Mobile Release Guide")

## Purchasing

### Purchase Orders: Displaying one item (group) per page

`Build 6.37.24.0: PRO-8168`

We’ve introduced the capability to display one item or one group of items per page on the **items** tab of the **purchase order** dialog under `chq > purchasing > purchase orders > [your purchase order]`. 

This enhancement is available for Purchase Orders of the following distribution types:

- Single location
- Multilocation
- Allocation
- Consumer drop ship

The group of items displays in Purchase Orders of multi-location or allocation distribution types.

#### Purpose

This enhancement allows for improving performance in Purchase Orders of the multi-location and allocation distribution types where a large number of locations selected.

#### How to display

For one item (or item group) to display, click **1** at the bottom of the dialog ({{% inum "A" %}}  in the screenshots below)

**One item per page**
{{% gimg src="V6.37 CHQ Release Guide/637_chq_po_1.jpg" title="Displaying one item per page in the purchase order dialog" width="700px"%}}

**One item group per page**
{{% gimg src="V6.37 CHQ Release Guide/637_chq_po_2.jpg" title="Displaying one item group per page in the purchase order dialog" width="700px"%}}

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual Purchasing](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1370849373/6.0+Series "Version 6 Purchasing in Teamwork Confluence")

## Other enhancements

### CHQ enhanced performance

`Build 6.37.24.0: PRO-6482`

We’ve introduced updates at the database level to enhance CHQ performance.

### JSON-based Sales Receipt Export API: Updated DepositHistory setting

`Build 6.37.24.0: DS-2700`

As of version 6.37.24.0, the *DepositHistory* setting of JSON-based Sales Receipt Export API has been enhanced to contain a list of objects in the API response.

### JSON-based Quantity Status Update API: Requests stuck in the “Validation” status

`Build 6.37.32.0: DS-2806`

We’ve fixed the issue where the import request made via JSON-based Quantity Status Update API would incorrectly get stuck with the `Validation` status instead of returning the error. This happened when an *AdjustmentReasonCode* value was indicated in the request but was not defined in CHQ.

### Multiple emails sent for the same event via Mandrill

`Build 6.37.32.0: DS-2881`

We’ve fixed the issue where for the same event (for example, “order shipped”) multiple emails could be incorrectly sent to the customer via Mandrill.

### Enhanced performance in the Sales area of CHQ

`Build 6.37.32.0: DS-2896`

We’ve introduced updates at the backend to ensure better performance of CHQ when the user is in the **sales** area.

### JSON-based Sales Order Import API: Failure to cancel Sales Orders

`Build 6.37.32.0: DS-2799`

**Issue**  
Prior to 6.37.32.0, canceling Sales Orders via JSON-based Sales Order Import API could fail. In that case, Sales Orders would remain in the "Accepted" status but the payment was refunded to the customer. As the order remained `Accepted`, its fulfillment continued.

**Resolution**  
Now, the issue has been fixed. Sales Orders are canceled as expected via the API call and no further fulfillment takes place.