---
title: "Version 6.42"
date: 2022-11-18T15:14:41+02:00
draft: false
weight: 89
---

[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/CHQ%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.42.284.0.pdf)

## Sales

### Returns Manager: Instant refunds

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-13870`

We’ve extended Returns Manager with a new automated instant refunds feature.

In CHQ, this update resulted in adding:

- the new **auto process – cancel instant refund if failed** setting
- a new status and fields to the **RMA orders** area
- a new status and fields to the **returns manager** area

Additionally, we’ve updated the **info** (previously **user info**) tab of the **RMA order** dialog.

#### Purpose

The instant refund feature allows retailers to enhance customer experience by refunding the purchase before the returned items arrive at the company’s warehouse.

Additionally, this feature greatly speeds up even exchange processing. If the customer wants to exchange an item, the instant refund workflow allows for shipping the exchange item before the return item arrives at the return location.

{{% notice note %}}
The instant refund feature is designed for environments where integration with a third-party order management/customer experience platform is utilized. The **instant refund** workflow is triggered by an import from the external system and cannot be enabled manually in CHQ UI. 
{{% /notice %}}

In CHQ, when the instant refund workflow is triggered, a return receipt with the refund is created instantly. Additionally, if the item is to be exchanged:

1. If the original order was paid by card, the original payment token is recorded on the return receipt. If paid with another payment method, a credit memo is issued 
2. A new Sales Order is created to ship the exchange item. The original order deposit is reapplied to the new order by linking the original payment token or the return credit memo

#### Settings: configuring instant refund cancellation

In CHQ, under `settings > sales > sales documents`, we've added a new **auto process - cancel instant refund if failed** setting to the **returns manager** section. 

By default, this option is selected:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund1.jpg" width="700px"%}}

If this option is selected, an instant refund is canceled if auto-processing of a return item fails. For example, this may happen if the chosen return location doesn’t accept the currency of the original sale transaction. 

In that case, the respective return line is assigned the `cancelled instant refund` status. Additionally, under `sales > return manager > [selected return line] > info`, in the **auto return process error** field, an error message is visible:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_RMAo4.jpg" width="550px"%}}

#### RMA orders: new option added to filter

Under `chq > sales > RMA orders`, we’ve extended the return status filter with a new `processed` option: 
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_rma1.jpg" width="700px"%}}

The `processed` return status displays for the RMA orders where the return of the item has been processed via the **instant refund** workflow.

#### RMA orders: new filter and columns in the list view

Under `chq > sales > RMA orders > list`, we’ve added the **instant refund** and **qty due** columns to the table. 

The columns are not visible by default. To add the columns to the table, right-click the table header and then select the **instant refund** and **qty due** checkboxes:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund2.jpg" width="700px"%}}

Also, it’s now possible to filter orders by the `processed` return status:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund3.jpg" width="700px"%}}

#### RMA orders: updates in the RMA order dialog

The **general** and **items** tabs of the **RMA order** dialog have been extended with new instant refund related fields. Additional updates were introduced to the **info** tab of the **RMA order** dialog as well.

{{% notice note %}}
The **RMA order** dialog is available under `chq > sales > RMA orders > list > [your RMA order] > edit`.
{{% /notice %}}

##### Updates to the general tab

We've added the following new fields to the **general** tab of the dialog:

- **instant refund**: the checkbox indicates that the instant refund workflow has been triggered for the RMA order; the value is imported and not editable
- **qty due**: the item quantity that the customer intends to return; visible when the **instant refund** checkbox is selected, not editable

{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund4.jpg" width="600px"%}}

{{% notice note %}}
Please note the **preferred return location** field becomes required when the **instant refund** checkbox is selected.
{{% /notice %}}

##### Updates to the items tab

On the **items** tab, we've added the **qty due** column (<span style="color:red">red</span> in the screenshot below) to the **items** grid:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund_5.jpg" width="600px"%}}
The column is not visible by default. To add the columns to the table, right-click the table header and then select the **qty due** checkbox.

Additionally, the **qty due** field is available in the **item edit** dialog. This dialog displays if you click to select an item and then click **edit** above the grid on the **items** tab (<span style="color:green">green</span> in the screenshot above). The field is not editable and visible when the **instant refund** checkbox is selected at the RMA order level.

##### Updates to the info tab

The **user info** tab of the **RMA order** dialog has been renamed to **info**.

Additionally, the following updates were introduced:

- the **universal SO #** and **web order #** fields (previously available in the **general** tab of the dialog) have been moved to the new **info** section
- the **user info** section now contains the following fields: **created date**, **created by**, **last modified date**, and **last modified by**

{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund6.jpg" width="600px"%}}

#### Returns manager: New option added to filter

Under `chq > sales > returns manager`, we’ve extended the **return status** filter with a new `processed` option: 
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_rma2.jpg" width="700px"%}}

The `processed` return status displays for the return items automatically processed by the **instant return** workflow.

#### Returns manager: new column and filter options in the list view

Under `chq > sales > returns manager > list`, we’ve added the **instant refund** column to the table. 

The column is not visible by default. To add the **instant refund** column to the table, right-click the table header and then select the **instant refund** checkbox:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund8.jpg" width="600px"%}}

It’s now possible to filter return items by the `processed` **return status** filter. The **ext. return status** filter has been also extended with the `processed` and `cancelled instant refund` filter options.

#### Returns manager: updates in the RMA [code]-[ext.return status] dialog

Under `chq > sales > returns manager > list > [your return item] > edit`, we've added the **instant refund** checkbox (not editable):
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund10.jpg" width="600px"%}}

We've also added the **process return** button to the **RMA [code]-[ext.return status]** dialog. This button:
- is visible when the return status is `pending` and the return line is linked to an RMA order line with **qty due** more than `0`
- is enabled when the user has the **Returns Manager - Finalize Return** security right

The **refund** and **exchange** buttons are not visible in the dialog when the return line is linked to an RMA order line with **qty due** more than `0`.	

Also, when the **instant refund** checkbox is selected, on clicking the **cancel return** button, the **cancel return** confirmation dialog displays.

##### Updates in the refund dialog

The **refund** dialog opens by clicking **refund** at the bottom of the **RMA [code]-[ext. return status]** dialog.

We've added the **instant refund** checkbox to the **preferred refund method** section of the **refund** dialog: 
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund11.jpg" width="600px"%}}

#### See also

- [Returns Manager](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.33_chq_relguide/#returns-manager) in CHQ Release Guide V6.33
- [Configuring how instant refunds are applied](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.42_chq_relguide/#configuring-how-instant-refunds-are-applied) in CHQ Version 6.42 Release Guide
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Sales](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Configuring the preferred return location and the return service for the RMA orders

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-12837`

Starting from version 6.42.261.0, we've introduced the capability to select a return location and define a return service for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) Order.

This update resulted in adding new **preferred return location** and **return service** fields to the **RMA order** and the **create RMA order** dialogs. 

#### Purpose

This update is primarily designed for integrations with third-party post-purchase customer experience and order tracking platforms, such as Narvar.

In the case of returns or exchanges, the values of the **preferred return location** and **return service** fields are calculated by a third-party service based on the customer-related information. For example, the customer can opt for sending their return by mail, in this case the return location value is calculated based on that customer’s address.

These values, once calculated, are imported to Teamwork as a part of respective RMA orders. 

#### Updates in the RMA order dialog

In CHQ, under `sales > RMA orders > list > [your RMA order] > general`, the following new fields have been added:

{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_RMAo1.jpg" width="600px"%}}

- **return service**: the return service name, max 256 characters allowed, not required
- **preferred return location**: the company location that will receive the return items. In case of imported RMA Orders, this location may be defined by the third-party system (for example, a customer experience platform) based on the customer's location and shipping preference. The **preferred return location** field is required when the **instant refund** checkbox is selected

{{% notice tip %}}
To make your location available for selection in the **preferred return location** field, the **allowed return location** checkbox must be selected for your location under `chq > settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [your location] > sales > the returns manager section`.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Updates in the RMA orders list view 

The new **return service** and **preferred return location** columns are available under `chq > sales > RMA orders > list`.

The columns are not visible by default.

To add the columns to the table, right-click the table header and then select the **return service** and **preferred return location** checkboxes: 
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_RMAo2.jpg" width="700px"%}}

#### Updates in the create RMA order dialog

{{% notice note %}}
Please note the **create RMA order** dialog is accessible on clicking the **create RMA order** button under:

- `chq > sales > customer > [your customer record] > sales > create RMA order`
- `chq > sales > order management > [your Sales Order] > items > actions > create RMA order`
{{% /notice %}}

In the **create RMA order** dialog, the following new fields have been added:

{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_RMAo3.jpg" width="400px"%}}

- **return service**: the return service name, max 256 characters allowed, not required
- **preferred return location**: the company location that will receive the return items

{{% notice tip %}}
To make your location available for selection in the **preferred return location** field, the **allowed return location** checkbox must be selected for your location under `chq > settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [your location] > sales > the returns manager section`.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual - Sales](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Multiple fiscal zones assigned to a customer

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-12690`

As of version 6.42.261.0, multiple fiscal zones may be assigned to customers in CHQ.

The following fiscal zones are now automatically linked and are visible in the customer record:

- the fiscal zone where the customer record was created
- the fiscal zone where the customer record was edited
- the fiscal zone of the record's **created at** location
- the fiscal zones of linked Sales Receipts
- the fiscal zones of **sell from location** of linked Sales Orders
- the fiscal zones of **released location** of linked Review Orders
- the fiscal zones where linked Reserve Orders were released and re-released

#### Purpose

For brands that have store locations in multiple countries, this update provides better insight into the customers’ activity within the company.

#### How to review customer fiscal zones in CHQ

To view the list of fiscal zones linked to a customer:

1. In CHQ, go to `sales > customers`.
2. Click the customer you need.

{{% notice tip %}}
To find a specific customer:

- look up in the **recent** zone on the left, or
- use the **search** field in the top right corner, or
- customize the **filter** on the right, or
- switch to **list** view (click the **list** button in the top left corner).
{{% /notice %}}

3. In the dialog that opens, select the **system** tab.
4. Next to the **fiscal zones** field, click **view**:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_fiscalzone1.jpg" width="550px"%}}
Clicking **view** opens the dialog with the list of linked fiscal zones.

{{% notice note %}}
If a customer is linked to all fiscal zones, then the **fiscal zones** field displays `all`. Additionally, in that case, the **view** button is not visible. 
{{% /notice %}}

#### JSON-based Customer Export API update

The JSON-based Customer Export API has been extended with a new **Fiscal Zones** array. This array allows for exporting fiscal zones linked to the customer.

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Sales](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### New gift card reasons added

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-14532`

As of version 6.42.261.0, we’ve extended the list of reasons for creating a new gift card by the following new options:

- `retail clothing allowance`
- `corporate clothing allowance`
- `Ecom merchandise return`
- `damages - customer credit`
- `replacement - damages`
- `replacement - fulfillment issues`
- `replacement - delivery issues`
- `appeasement - store`
- `appeasement - Ecom`

The reasons are available for selection in CHQ under `sales > gift cards > new > the general tab > reason code`:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 CHQ Release Guide/641_chq_reason1.jpg" width="600px"%}}

Additionally, to respect these changes, we’ve updated JSON-based Gift Card Import and Gift Card Export APIs as well as Excel-based Gift Card Import (`chq > sales > gift cards > import > new`).

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Sales](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

## Services

### Configuring the default cash drawer printer

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-12318`

Starting from version 6.42.261.0, we've introduced the capability to define a separate printer to control cash drawer opening. 

This resulted in adding a new **cash drawer printer** setting at the device level in CHQ. 

#### Purpose

This enhancement is useful if a client utilizes different printer types in a store, for example, a specialized receipt printer and a standard A4 printer.

As POS requires connection to a receipt printer to open the cash drawer, the automated opening doesn't work when connection to a standard printer is used.

With this update, users can indicate which printer should be used for cash drawer opening without the need to switch printer connection.

#### How to define a default cash drawer printer

1. In CHQ, go to `services > device controller`.
2. Find your device and click it.
3. In the **edit device** dialog that opens, go to the **app settings** tab.
4. Under the new **cash drawer printer** section, in the **cash drawer printer** field, choose your printer:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_printer1.jpg" width="700px"%}}
By default, `none` is selected.
{{% notice tip %}}
In the **cash drawer printer** field, your specialized receipt printer must be selected. <br>
To make your printer available for selection in the **cash drawer printer** field, the respective printer record must be added under `chq > services > device controller > [your device record] > direct printers > new`.
{{% /notice %}}
5. **Save** the changes.
{{% notice info %}}
Please note that the **cash drawer printer** setting can be configured both in CHQ and POS PRO. The state of the setting is synchronized between the two.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[V6.42 POS Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.40_mobile_rel_guide/)

### New setting: Allow line item information display on Global Payments terminals

`Build 6.42.279.0: PRO-11109`

We've added a new setting that allows for display of Sales Receipt line item information on Global Payments terminals.

This may be helpful if the retailer wants to provide detailed information on Sales Receipt items to customers as these items are added/removed from the sale. This information may include:

- information on discounts or item quantity
- tax information for each item
- total amount on the current sales receipt, etc.

#### How to allow the display of line item information

1. Go to `chq > services > device controller`.
2. Find and click the required device record.

{{% notice tip %}}
To find a specific device record:

- look up in the **recent** section on the left, or
- use the **search** field in the top right corner, or
- customize the **filter** on the right, or
- switch to the **list** view (click **list** and double-click your device record).
{{% /notice %}}

3. In the **edit device** dialog that opens, go to the **app settings** tab.
4. Under the **payment terminal** section, in the **payment terminal type** drop-down menu, choose the `Global Payments` option to display the related settings.
5. Select the **enable shopper display** checkbox:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_GP1.jpg" width="700px"%}}

6. **Save** your changes.

{{% notice note %}}
Additionally, to make use of this functionality, the **Enable Shopper Display** option must be set to `True` under `Settings > Payment Terminals` in POS.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.42 POS Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.40_mobile_rel_guide/)
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Analytics & Services](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

## Inventory 

### Stock Count removed from CHQ UI

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-722`

We’ve removed the **stock count** area from `chq > inventory`. Additionally, under `chq > services > device controller > new > general`, we've removed the `Stock Count - 4.8` and `Stock Count - 4.9` options previously available for selection in the **application** field as no longer compatible.

{{% notice warning %}}
Please be advised that inventory counting is performed using the Count Memo functionality via CHQ or POS PRO. In this case, items are scanned into a document using Teamwork Stock Counter App or Teamwork RFID Scanner App.

Note that the stock count functionality remains available in CHQ versions 6.16 – 6.17. These versions of CHQ are compatible with the Stock Count app versions 4.8 and 4.9.

Please contact your Customer Success Manager for further details or to book a training session. 
{{% /notice %}}

### Restored Stock Count

`Build 6.42.275.0: PRO-15406`

In CHQ under **inventory**, we’ve restored the **stock count** section with all the related functionality.

Under **stock count**, you can set up, review, and finalize counts performed using Teamwork Commerce Stock Count mobile application.

{{% notice note %}}
Stock count was previously removed from CHQ in verison 6.42.261.0 of the product. 
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[Stock Count Package Manual](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/51052675/Version+4.9+-+Stock+Count "Stock Count Package Manual in Confluence")

## Purchasing

### Custom Text 2 is optional during ASN Simplified import

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4647`

Starting from version 6.42.261.0, the **Custom Text 2** (**BL-HAWB-CMR number**) field is no longer required during ASN Simplified Import.

{{% notice note %}}
To download the **ASN Simplified Import** template, under `chq > purchasing > ASNs > import > new`, click **download template** next to the **ASN Simplified Import** field.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[CHQ Manual - Purchasing](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")
 
## Settings

### Updated Scandit integration

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-13523`

We’ve added support of Scandit engine to Teamwork Commerce PRO.

{{% notice info %}}
**What is Scandit?**<br>
Scandit allows users to capture data from barcodes, texts, IDs, and objects. By utilizing iPad built-in front and back camera, Scandit allows POS PRO users to scan:

- customer member barcodes
- item barcodes
- gift card barcodes
- QR codes
{{% /notice %}}

As a part of this update, we’ve updated the existing Scandit settings in CHQ. In particular, under `chq > settings > company settings > general settings > the barcode scanning section`:

- in the **barcode scanner** field, the `Scandit` value now starts with the capital letter
- the previously existing **scandit token** setting was renamed to **data capture SDK license key**

{{% notice warning %}}
The **data capture SDK license key** field is hidden if `Scandit` is not selected in the **barcode scanner** field.<br>
Additionally, if there is no license key defined in the **data capture SDK license key** field, then POS uses the standard barcode scanner.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.42 POS Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.42_mobile_rel_guide/ "POS Release Guide Version 6.42")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### New settings to skip notifications from Adyen

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-14971`

As of version 6.42.261.0, we’ve added the following new settings that allow for skipping notifications from Adyen during transaction processing:

- **skip notification - authorization**
- **skip notification - capture**
- **skip notification - cancel or refund**

This update allows for speeding up transaction processing.

#### How to configure

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > sales > payment processing`.
{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that a user must have the **Add/Edit Sales Settings CHQ** security right to configure.
{{% /notice %}}
2. Scroll down to find the **adyen** section:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_adyen1.jpg" width="600px"%}}
3. Select the required checkboxes: **skip notification - authorization**, **skip notification - capture**, and/or **skip notification - cancel or refund**.
4. **Save** your changes.

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Managing monitoring scripts

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-13309`

We’ve added the capability to add and manage SQL and PowerShell monitoring scripts in CHQ.

{{% notice tip %}}
Monitoring scripts are created, installed, and managed by Teamwork. 
{{% /notice %}}

#### Purpose

This update provides Teamwork tech support with additional tools for tracking and preventing issues in clients’ environments. Each script is designed to monitor for problems in a particular process or area and then notify the support team via a third-party system – Slack or Opsgenie.

For example, a monitoring script can help detect duplicate capture of funds at an early stage and then prevent the incident from happening again.

#### How to access the monitoring area

To view the monitoring functionality in CHQ, go to `settings > administration > monitoring`:

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that to review and edit settings in the **administration** area, a user must have the **Add/Edit Administration Settings CHQ** security right.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_monitoring1.jpg" width="600px"%}}

Under **monitoring**, the following information is available in the grid:

- **name**: contains user-defined script name
- **last run**: shows the date and time of the latest run of the respective script (in UTC)
- **inactive**: shows if the monitoring script is off
- **description**: displays the user-defined description of the respective script

{{% notice tip %}}
The description column is hidden by default. To make it visible, right-click the column header and select the respective checkbox in the pop-up menu.
{{% /notice %}}

Above the grid, the following buttons are available:

- **new**: add a new monitoring script
- **edit**: change an existing script (enabled when only one record in the list is selected by clicking the script's name)
- **remove**: delete a monitoring script (enabled when only one record in the list is selected by clicking the script's name)
- **view**: show the details of the chosen monitoring script (visible if a user does not have the **Add/Edit Administration Settings CHQ** security right)
- **activate**: turn on a deactivated monitoring script (the **inactive** checkbox will be unchecked)
- **deactivate**: turn off an active monitoring script (the **inactive** column will be checked)

{{% notice tip %}}
To activate or deactivate several scripts simultaneously, select the checkboxes next to the required scripts’ names and then click **activate** or **deactivate** as needed.
{{% /notice %}}

#### How to add a monitoring script

To add a new monitoring script:

1. Under `chq > settings > administration > monitoring`, click the **new** button at the top.
2. In the dialog that opens:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_monitoring2.jpg" width="400px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
The fields marked with red asterisks are required.
{{% /notice %}}

- click the **…** button next to the **file name** field to select the script file from your computer
- in the **name** field, type in the monitoring script name
- in the **file type** drop-down menu, select the type of the script file you’ve uploaded
{{% notice info %}}
CHQ supports two types of monitoring scripts: SQL (.sql) and PowerShell (.ps1).
{{% /notice %}}
- in the **description** field, provide information about the script
- to deactivate the script, select the **inactive** checkbox

3.  **Save** your changes.

#### How to edit/view a monitoring script

To view a monitoring script:

1. Under `chq > settings > administration > monitoring`, double-click the row with the monitoring script needed (alternatively, click the respective row and then click the **edit/view** button above).
{{% notice tip %}}
To find a specific monitoring script, input its name in the search field at the top-right.
{{% /notice %}}
2. In the dialog that opens, go to the tab you need to edit/review:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_monitoring3.jpg" width="600px"%}}
    - **general**: this tab contains the **name** of the script, the used **file type**, the script **description**, the **inactive** checkbox, and the date & time of the **last run**. The **name**, **inactive** checkbox, and **description** are editable in the edit mode
    - **messages**: this tab contains a list of notifications produced by the respective script. For each notification, the **message**, **created date** and **status** (`new` or `sent`) columns are available
    - **user info**: this tab contains the following non-editable fields: **created date**, **created by**, **last modified date**, and **last modified by**
3. **Save** your changes.
{{% notice note %}}
In the view mode, the user cannot edit any fields in the dialog. Only the **close** button is available at the bottom. 
{{% /notice %}}

#### How to remove a monitoring script

To remove a specific monitoring script:

1. Under `chq > settings > administration > monitoring`, click the row with the monitoring script that needs to be deleted (use the **search** field at the top-right if necessary).
2. Click the **remove** button above the grid. On clicking, the confirmation dialog displays:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_monitoring4.jpg" width="400px"%}}
3. Choose **yes** to confirm.

####  See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Customized address display

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-12601`

We’ve introduced a new **address display** tab to the country records in CHQ.

On the **address display** tab, the user can change the order and visibility of address fields to meet the country’s standards. The user-configured order and visibility are then applied to read-only addresses in CHQ and POS PRO.

{{% notice warning %}}
The custom order and visibility are not applied to editable forms in CHQ and POS PRO.
{{% /notice %}}

#### How to set address fields sequence and visibility

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that a user must have the **Add/Edit Company Settings CHQ** security right to configure.
{{% /notice %}}

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > company settings > countries/regions`.
2. Select the existing country/region in the list and click the **edit** button at the top.
3. In the dialog that appears, go to the **address display** tab:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_address1.jpg" width="600px"%}}
4. Check/uncheck the checkboxes in the **visible** column to switch on/off the visibility of the fields.
5. Use **move up** or **move down** buttons at the top to change the position of the selected field.
6. **Save** your changes.

#### See also

- [V6.42 POS Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.42_mobile_rel_guide/ "POS Release Guide Version 6.42")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Automatically enable member discount for new items

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-11367`

We’ve added the capability to automatically make all new products (single and service items as well as styles) eligible for member discounts. 

To do so, it’s required to:

1. Configure the **member discount** setting in the desired item preset 
2. Select the item preset from **step 1** for the desired department classification
3. Select the department classification from **step 2** when creating a new product 

For information on how to perform each step, see the sections below. 

#### Enabling the member discount setting in an item preset 

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that a user must have the Add/Edit Inventory Settings CHQ security right to configure.
{{% /notice %}}

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > inventory/catalog > preset item options`.
2. Select an existing item preset in the list and then click edit at the top, or double-click the required record.<br>
Alternatively, to add a new item preset, click **new** at the top.
3. In the dialog that opens, select the **member discount** checkbox:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_memberdisc1.jpg" width="400px"%}}
4. **Save** your changes.

#### Defining item preset for a department classification

1. Go to `settings > inventory / catalog > department classifications > department classifications`.
2. Double-click an existing department classification in the list. <br>
Alternatively, to create a new classification, click **new** at the top.
3. In the dialog that opens, in the **preset item option** field, select the desired item preset:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_memberdisc2.jpg" width="350px"%}}
4. **Save** your changes.

#### Selecting a department classification for new products

When creating a new product under `chq > inventory > styles & items > new`, on the **general** tab, fill out your department classification code in the **full dept name** field:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_memberdisc3.jpg" width="600px"%}}

{{% notice info %}}
The department classification code can be found under `chq > settings > inventory / catalog > department classifications > department classifications > [selected department classification]` in the **full dept code** field.
{{% /notice %}}

Additionally, for existing products, the **full dept name** field can be configured under `chq > inventory > styles & items > edit`.

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### OFL: The max ship memos setting ignored for Ship Memos with specific delivery methods

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-14972`

Starting from version 6.42.261.0, the **max ship memos** setting is ignored when creating Ship Memos with one of the following delivery methods:

- `store pick up`,
- `ship to store`,
- `same day delivery`

{{% notice info %}}
The **max ship memos** setting is available under `chq > settings > order management > order fulfillment > order fulfillment settings`. In the **locations** section, click to select `[your location] > edit`.<br>
This setting defines a max number of Ship Memos that can be created as a result of Sales Order autoprocessing for the respective location.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[Order Management System: Support of Same Day Delivery and Ship to Store orders](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/#order-management-system-support-of-same-day-delivery-and-ship-to-store-orders "Order Management System: Support of Same Day Delivery and Ship to Store orders") in V6.41 CHQ Release Guide

### New DamEchoStyleChanged webhook

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-13270`

As of version 6.42.261.0, we’ve added the capability to receive notifications once digital assets echo snapshot is changed for an inventory style.

To do so, it is required to create a webhook and subscribe to the `DamEchoStyleChanged` event.

#### Creating the DamEchoStyleChanged webhook

To create this webhook, in CHQ:

1. Go to `settings > integrations > webhooks`.
2. Click **new**.
3. In the **new webhook** dialog that opens, on the **general** tab, fill out:

    - **name**: the name of your webhook
    - **service URI**: the URI where you want to receive notifications
    - **service secret**: secret token used to secure webhooks

4. On the **events** tab, in the **select** column, select the checkbox next to the `DamEchoStyleChanged` event.
5. **Save** your changes.

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Configuring how instant refunds are applied

`Build 6.42.268.0: PRO-15177`

In CHQ under `settings > sales > sales documents > the returns manager area`, we’ve added a new setting – **instant refund applies to**. 

This setting allows users to configure in which of the following cases the instant refund applies:

- `returns and exchanges` (default)
- `returns only`
- `exchanges only`

{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_irefund12.jpg" width="600px"%}}

As a part of this update, we’ve also extended the logic of JSON-based RMA Order Import API. Now, during the import, if the **instant refund** parameter is set to `TRUE`, the system checks:

- if **instant refund applies to** is set to `returns only`, then a return line for the RMA Order item with a populated `exchange PLU` is not added
- if **instant refund applies to** is set to `exchanges only`, then a return line for the RMA Order item with an empty `exchange PLU` is not added.

#### See also

- [Returns Manager: Instant refunds](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.42_chq_relguide/#returns-manager-instant-refunds) in CHQ Version 6.42 Release Guide
- [Cloud HQ User Manual - Sales](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Tax registration numbers for Australia and Singapore

`Build 6.42.272.0: DS-4659`

For Australia and Singapore, we’ve allowed input of tax registration numbers to comply with local tax regulations.

{{% notice info %}}
Tax registration number names differ for different countries. For example:

- Australia: **ABN** — an Australian Business Number
- Singapore: **GST code** — Goods and Services Tax registration number.
{{% /notice %}}

#### How to add tax registration numbers for Australia or Singapore

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that users must have both the **Add/Edit Financial Settings CHQ** and the **Add/Edit Company Settings CHQ** security rights to configure fiscal settings.
{{% /notice %}}

1. Go to `chq > settings > company settings > countries/regions`.
2. In the grid, click to select the record with the `AU` code for Australia or `SG` – for Singapore. Selecting the country record enables the **fiscal settings** button above the grid. 
3. Click **fiscal settings**.
4. In the dialog that appears, on the **fiscal** tab under **general**, enter the tax registration number in the **ABN** field (for Australia) or **GST code** field (for Singapore):
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_country1.jpg" width="600px"%}}
5. **Save** your changes.

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Country specific company names for Japan and Spain

`Build 6.42.272.0: DS-4659`

We’ve added the capability to add country specific company names for Japan and Spain.

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that users must have both the Add/Edit Financial Settings CHQ and the Add/Edit Company Settings CHQ security rights to configure fiscal settings.
{{% /notice %}}

This may be helpful if a company due to local legal regulations is required to use a different official name. For example, a branch office of ACME Corporation in Spain would be officially named as “ACME Corporation sucursal en España”.

#### How to add country-specific company names for Japan or Spain

1. Go to `chq > settings > company settings > countries/regions`.
2. In the grid, click to select the record with the `JP` code for Japan or `ES` – for Spain. Selecting the record enables the **fiscal settings** button above the grid.
3. Click **fiscal settings**.
4. In the case of Japan, on the **fiscal** tab of **JS - fiscal settings**, under **general**, in the **company name** field, enter the required version of your company name.<br>
In the case of Spain, the company name field can be found in the **ES – fiscal settings** dialog under `fiscal > SII`:
{{% gimg src="V6.42 CHQ Release Guide/642_chq_country2.jpg" width="600px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
The maximum number of characters for country specific company names is 512.
{{% /notice %}}
5. **Save** your changes.

#### See also

[Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Support of Adyen Dynamic Currency Conversion

`Build 6.42.279.0: PRO-1687`

We've added support of Dynamic Currency Conversion (DCC) available on Adyen payment terminals.

{{% notice info %}}
**WHAT IS DCC?**<br>
DCC allows the customer to pay in the local currency instead of the issued credit card currency. For example, if Jon Doe goes to Europe to shop, the device offers to charge his card in US Dollars and do the conversion, instead of submitting the charge to his credit card company in Euros.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% notice warning %}}
Please be advised that the DCC feature is 100% controlled and enabled/disabled by the payment processor at the retailer’s request. DCC is not available for Credit Card Credit transactions.
{{% /notice %}}

This update allows for recording and printing on Sales Receipts the following data related to currency conversion during the credit card payment:

- exchange rate
- currency code
- source of exchange rate
- markup (percentage added by the retailer to the transaction amount)
- shopper’s currency amount
- local currency amount
- DCC acceptance statement

The currency conversion information is shown on the printed/emailed Sales Receipt only when DCC is used. Otherwise, it is hidden. Additionally, this information is always hidden on Gift Receipts.

#### See also

- [V6.42 POS Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.42_mobile_rel_guide/ "POS Release Guide Version 6.42")
- [Dynamic Currency Conversion in the Adyen documentation](https://docs.adyen.com/point-of-sale/currency-conversion "Dynamic Currency Conversion in the Adyen documentation") 

## Other enhancements

### JSON-based Purchase Receipt Import API: New GlobalFees and ItemFees arrays

`Build 6.42.261.0: PRO-11030`

For JSON-based Purchase Receipt Import API, we’ve added the capability to import Purchase Receipt transaction-level (global) and item-level fees.

To support this update, we’ve extended the API structure with the GlobalFees and ItemFees (available in the Items array) arrays.

Both arrays include the following objects:

- ServiceFeeName
- Quantity
- Price
- LineNo

### New method added to Public Secure CRM Customers API

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4483`

We’ve added the **Search for a customer (V1)** method Public Secure CRM Customers API. This enhancement allows for searching for customers by specific fields you indicate in the API request.

### JSON-based Employee Export API: New RoleEmployeeInfo array

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4706`

As of version 6.42.261.0, we’ve extended JSON-based Employee Export API with the **RoleEmployeeInfo** array. This enhancement allows for exporting employee role name(s) and role description(s).

### Virtual Gift Card delivery notification: New database table to collect PIN

`Build 6.42.268.0: PRO-15166`

As of version 6.42.268.0, for Virtual Gift Card delivery notifications, a gift card PIN is collected from the *svs.GiftCard* database table instead of *dbo.SalesOrderItem*.

### StateCode added to JSON-based Ship Sales Order Export API

`Build 6.42.268.0: DS-4741`

We’ve extended the response of JSON-based Ship Sales Order Export API with a new parameter – **StateCode**. This parameter is located at the ShipSalesOrders level and contains a standard two-letter code of the state. For example, "StateCode”: "SC" stands for South Carolina.

### JSON-based Single Sales Receipt Export API added

`Build 6.42.279.0: PRO-15680`

We've added a new JSON-based Single Sales Receipt Export API. This API allows for retrieving a single receipt by ReceiptId or DeviceTransactionNumber.

### Database performance optimization

`Build 6.42.279.0: PRO-15609`

We’ve optimized database performance by ensuring CHQ DB is compatible with the current version of the SQL Server.

## Issue resolutions

### Item order cost won’t update via the Price Memo Import

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-356`

**Issue**  
Prior to 6.42.261.0, the **order cost** of the item failed to be updated in the **vendor - details** section under `chq > inventory > styles & items > [your item] > vendors` after executing the Price Memo import.

This happened if during the import:

- the `PLU` option was selected in the **import by** field
- only the **PLU** and **Order Cost** columns were populated in the imported Excel file
- no **errors** were found in the imported file.

{{% notice info %}}
Importing Price Memos is possible under `chq > inventory > price memos > import > new`.
{{% /notice %}}

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, the order cost of the item is updated as expected after executing the Price Memo import in CHQ.

### Typo fixed in the new promotion engine dialog

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-2073`

Under `sales > promotion engine > new > [sale price promotion type] > general`, we’ve fixed the typo in the message that appears on hovering the cursor over the `i` icon.

### Cursor lost when using “Search to add” an item to a new Purchase Order

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-297`

**Issue**  
Prior to version 6.42.261.0, under `chq > purchasing > purchase orders > new > items`, after adding an item to a new Purchase Order through the **search to add** field, the cursor disappeared from this field. As a result, the user had to click on the **search to add** field again and to type in the next item.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. The user can start typing the next item in the **search to add** field after adding the first item to the new Purchase Order. 

### JSON-based Purchase Receipt Import API: ReceiptNo incorrectly autopopulated

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4199`

We’ve fixed the issue where in Purchase Receipts imported via JSON-based Purchase Receipt Import API, **ReceiptNo** was autopopulated even if that parameter was actually defined in the API request.

### Inability to perform Purchase Receipt import

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4122`

**Issue**  
Prior to version 6.42.261.0, Purchase Receipt import could fail if the **post after import complete** checkbox was selected under `purchasing > purchase receipts > import > new`. Also, no errors displayed when reviewing that import record under `purchasing > purchase receipts > import > [selected import record] > errors`.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, Purchase Receipt import is performed as expected. Additionally, if import fails, an error message appears on the **errors** tab of the respective import record.

### Inability to sort Sales Orders by shipping method

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4143`

We’ve fixed the issue where sorting Sales Orders by the **shipping method** column didn’t work under` sales > order management > list` and under `sales > order management > to ship`.

### RMA worksheet freezes in the "pending" status

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4569`

We’ve fixed the issue where imported RMA worksheets with the "global-e" payment could freeze in the `pending` status. This happened as validation for AccountNumber was incorrectly performed although this attribute is not used for Global-E refunds.

### Duplicate refund attempt sent to Adyen

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4542`

We've fixed the issue where the refund attempt with the Adyen Credit Card payment processor could be performed twice for the same item. This happened if the second refund attempt was created before the first attempt was successfully completed.

### Shipping global fee incorrectly applied to Virtual Gift Card items

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4156`

**Issue**  
Prior to version 6.42.261.0, when regular items from an imported Sales Order (via JSON-based Sales Order Import API) were shipped and the Sales Order also contained a Virtual Gift Card (VGC) service item, the shipping global fee would be incorrectly applied to that VGC item as well.

**Resolution**  
We’ve fixed the issue. Now, when a Sales Order includes both a Virtual Gift Card item and regular items, the shipping global fee is applied to regular items only.

### Sales Receipt failed to post

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4532`

We’ve fixed the issue where no scheduled task was created automatically to post Sales Receipts at the database level.

### SalesReceiptItemId incorrectly populated for rejected items

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4631`

**Issue**  
Prior to version 6.42.261.0, if there were several items with the same PLU on a Sales Order added as separate line and one was shipped and the other rejected, the rejected one incorrectly had SalesReceiptItemID value populated at the database level, while the shipped one didn’t have any.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, shipped items have their SalesReceiptItemId values populated and rejected items don’t have this value at the database level.

### Webhook not triggered on Gift Card update

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4634`

We’ve fixed the issue where a webhook could occasionally fail to be triggered on a Gift Card update.

### The gray screen in CHQ UI

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4669`

We’ve fixed the issue where the user could occasionally see the gray screen during operations in CHQ. This happened when CHQ UI tried to load a page but failed and then a timeout occurred.

### JSON-based Digital Asset Echo Export API: calls failed due to timeout

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4701`

We’ve fixed the issue where the JSON-based Digital Asset Echo Export API call failed due to the execution timeout error.

### Missing SalesOrderItemID of an RMA Order item

`Build 6.42.261.0: DS-4660`

We’ve fixed the issue where SalesOrderItemID of an RMA Order item could display `NULL` at the database level. This resulted in an inability to execute custom reports based on that parameter.

### Filtering Transfer Orders by order and released dates failed

`Build 6.42.268.0: DS-3766`

We’ve fixed the issue where filtering Transfer Orders by order date or released date under `chq > inventory > transfer orders` could occasionally fail with the `Something went wrong and the action could not be performed` error message.

### Newly created Customer attributes wouldn’t display in POS PRO

`Build 6.42.268.0: DS-4640`

**Issue**  
Customer attributes created under `chq > settings > customer > customer attributes` and then added for display on the **Customer** tab of POS PRO Sales Receipt via V6 App Designer would not display in POS PRO. This happened as the CustomerAttribute table would fail to sync with CHQ during POS PRO initialization.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, on POS PRO initialization, the newly created customer attributes display as expected on the **Customer** tab of Sales Receipt.

### SendMail fails when sending Sales Receipts

`Build 6.42.268.0: DS-4739`

We’ve fixed the issue where the SendMail server task could fail when trying to send Sales Receipts needed for scheduled report generation.

### CHQ instances failed to synchronize

`Build 6.42.272.0: DS-4802`

We’ve fixed the issue where two CHQ instances failed to synchronize and the sync process could not be restarted from CHQ UI (`settings > administration > synchronization`).

This would happen when trying to sync items with prices from price levels assigned to a location missing on the target instance.

### JSON-based Sales Receipt Full Export API: Invalid column name 'SellToEmail'

`Build 6.42.272.0: DS-4730`

We’ve fixed the issue where JSON-based Sales Receipt Full Export API requests would fail with the `"Invalid column name 'SellToEmail'` error message.

### ReceiptDate differs from ReceiptDateTime at the database level

`Build 6.42.279.0: DS-4832`

**Issue**  
Prior to 6.42.279, for imported Sales Receipts, ReceiptDate and ReceiptDateTime could differ in the sales.Receipt table at the database level.<br>
This happened as the ReceiptDateTime value was taken from the imported document or, if not specified, was set as server local date and time. ReceiptDate, in its turn, was always set to server local date.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, ReceiptDate always equals the date part of ReceiptDateTime.

### Failure to discard held Sales Receipts

`Build 6.42.279.0: DS-4760`

We’ve fixed the issue where discarding held Sales Receipts in POS PRO could fail with the `Server Unavailable` error at some locations.

### Exclude InvoiceDeduction when parsing Adyen Settlement Details Report

`Build 6.42.279.0: DS-4881`

As of version 6.42.279.0, records of the InvoiceDeduction type are ignored when parsing Adyen Settlement Details Report. This happens as InvoiceDeduction records are not related to Teamwork Commerce payment processing.

{{% notice info %}}
The data parsed from Adyen Settlement Details Report is then used to generate Teamwork reports utilized for transaction reconciliation.
{{% /notice %}}

### ATS Ledger webhook: Updates generated with nulled item quantities and no location identifier

`Build 6.42.282.0: DS-4903`

We’ve fixed the issue where users could receive ATS Ledger webhook updates with “nulled” item quantities and no location identifier.

### Proper handling of invalid API import calls

`Build 6.42.282.0: DS-4942`

Previously, JSON-based API import calls with incorrectly populated parameters stuck in the `InProgress` status if validation failed.

We’ve fixed the issue, and now such requests get the `Error` status and the user is informed with an error message.

### Multiple Sales Receipts for a single shipment

`Build 6.42.282.0: DS-4976`

We’ve fixed the issue where completing a Sales Order with one item could incorrectly generate two Sales Receipts setting **qty due** to a negative value (`-1`). The issue occurred if two scheduled tasks to complete Ship Memo were mistakenly created instead of one.

### Failure to export via JSON-based Ship Sales Order Export API

`Build 6.42.282.0: DS-4957`

We’ve optimized how the server handles situations where JSON-based Ship Sales Order Export API calls are made and, at that same time, the Ship Sales Orders data is being updated in CHQ. 

Previously, in this case, the request would fail with the `API document was not successfully prepared` error message.

Now, resulting from the optimization, the possibility of error has been minimized. 

### Multiple API imports processed by one handler

`Build 6.42.284.0: DS-5172`

We’ve fixed the issue where processing multiple API imports by one handler resulted in the system’s degraded performance: import processing could take significantly longer time than expected.

Now, multiple imports are processed by separated handlers with no performance issues.

## Impacted Areas

Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite allows for unique client-specific configurations. If the above is your case, we recommend that the areas and workflows listed below be additionally checked to ensure the existing functionality works as expected in conjunction with the newly released features.

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that the information below does not include details on the configurations and conditions required for testing the new features. For detailed information, see the respective feature description in this release guide.
{{% /notice %}}

|Feature| Impact|
|-------|-------|
Returns Manager: Instant refunds|In CHQ, test workflows on returning and exchanging items. Also, test workflows related to the Returns Manager functionality and RMA Orders.|
Configuring the preferred return location and the return service for the RMA orders|In CHQ, test workflows on returning and exchanging items. Also, test workflows related to the RMA Orders functionality.|
Multiple fiscal zones assigned to a customer|In CHQ, check the list of fiscal zones assigned to your customer record.|
New gift card reasons added|Test workflows related to creating new Gift Cards.|
Configuring the default cash drawer printer|In CHQ, define a cash drawer printer. In POS, check that the cash drawer opens automatically when required as well as on tapping the Open Drawer button.|
Updated Scandit integration|In CHQ, configure Scandit integration. In POS, test workflows related to scanning item, customer, and gift card barcodes in various areas.|
New settings to skip notifications from Adyen|In CHQ, configure the new Adyen-related settings.|
Managing monitoring scripts|In CHQ, create a new and/or edit your monitoring script under settings > administration > monitoring.|
Customized address display|In CHQ, define a custom address format for a country. In POS, check that the custom format is applied to addresses with that country.|
Automatically enable member discount for new items|In CHQ, create your item preset, then define it for a department classification. When creating a new product, fill out your department classification.|
New DamEchoStyleChanged webhook|In CHQ, create a new webhook. Test workflows related to Digital Asset Manager.|
Configuring how instant refunds are applied|In CHQ, define how the instant refund should be applied. Test workflows on the instant refund functionality.|
Tax registration numbers for Australia and Singapore|In CHQ, configure fiscal settings for Australia and Singapore.|
Country specific company names for Japan and Spain|In CHQ, configure fiscal settings for Japan and Spain.|
New setting: Allow line item information display on Global Payments terminals|In CHQ and in POS, test workflows related to configuring the Global Payments terminal.| 

{{% notice warning %}}
WE DO NOT WARRANT AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY VENDOR’S PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. ALL SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE IS ACQUIRED SUBJECT TO THE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, AND OTHER TERMS PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER OR SUPPLIER OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT.   YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH ANY SUCH MANUFACTURER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, OR OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO LOOK SOLELY TO THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR OF THE PRODUCT FOR MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO RESOLUTION OF SYSTEM ERRORS, BUGS, PATCHES, HOT FIXES, ETC. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, INCLUDING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES IN THE EVENT A THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE GIVES RISE TO AN INFRINGEMENT CLAIM, WILL BE AGAINST THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR AND NOT AGAINST US.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE VERSION OF THE PROGRAM SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING ANY UNDERLYING THIRD PARTY TECHNOLOGIES AND/OR PLATFORMS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH SAME, MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER DATA, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL FURNISHED TO USER HEREUNDER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONDITION THEREOF; AND WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.
{{% /notice %}}

<br>

[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/CHQ%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.42.284.0.pdf)