---
title: "Version 6.44"
date: 2023-03-17T12:02:07+02:00
draft: false
weight: 87
---

[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/CHQ%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.44.53.0.pdf)

## Fiscalization

### Compliance with Norwegian fiscal requirements

`Build 6.44.53.0: PRO-12440`

In version 6.44.53.0 of the software, we’ve introduced the following changes to ensure compliance with Norwegian fiscal regulations:

- at the country level, we’ve added Norway specific fiscal settings
- at the device level, we’ve added the capability to generate and download keys that are used for digital signature generation
- at the device level, we’ve added the capability to configure X and Z reports printing.

#### Purpose

This update aims at supporting Norwegian fiscal requirements which enables retailers to do their business in Norway, in particular:

- self-signing the sales transactions with unique signatures following a specific algorithm defined by the Norwegian fiscal law
- storing the signature with the sales transaction data on the retailer’s side as well as displaying that signature on the sales receipt
- generating the Auditing file containing X and Z reports from the retailer’s journal data for a specific period upon the local tax authority’s request, following the SAF-T standard (the Norwegian tax authority’s standard file format for the auditing document)
- manually uploading the generated Auditing file to the Norwegian Altinn website (or the specific file share informed by the tax authority).

#### Fiscal settings
<a name="fiscal-settings"></a>
In CHQ, under `settings > company settings > countries / regions > country`, we’ve enabled **fiscal settings** for the **Norway** country record.

Clicking **fiscal settings** with the **Norway** country record selected opens the **NO - fiscal settings** dialog:

{{% notice note %}} 
To be able to edit fiscal settings, the user must be granted the **Add/Edit Financial Settings CHQ** security right.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_Norway1.jpg" width="500px"%}}

##### Configuring corporate ID and VAT registration number

In the **NO - fiscal settings** dialog, on the **fiscal** tab, under **general**, you can configure the following:

- **corporate ID**: unique corporate identification number provided by the Norwegian government body. Required. This field is only editable if the field value has not been saved yet. If previously saved, this setting can no longer be changed.
- **VAT registration #**: unique VAT registration number provided by Norwegian government body. Required.

##### Generating SAF-T report

Under **SAF-T**, click **open** next to **SAF-T file** to access the dialog from which you can generate the SAF-T report:

{{% notice info %}} 
The SAF-T file is an auditing XML file that contains the cash register journal. The SAF-T file along with X and Z reports is stored in a specific Teamwork managed Google Cloud Storage bucket for 5 years.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% notice note %}} 
The **SAF-T** setting is hidden, and consequently, the user cannot generate the SAF-T file if:

- the user does not have the **Add/Edit Financial Settings CHQ** security right
- the **NO - fiscal settings** dialog has not been saved previously with populated **corporate ID** and **VAT registration #**.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_Norway2.jpg" width="450px"%}}

- **email**: contains the email where the link to download the requested SAF-T file will be sent
- **date range**: allows for selecting time range to include Z and X reports for. Can be one of the following: `today`, `yesterday`, `this week`, `last week`, `this month`, `last month`, `last 30 days`, `last 90 days`, `year to date`, `this week - last year`, `last week - last year`, `this month - last year`, `year to date - last year`, and `custom`
- **from**: allows for specifying the exact date and time to start the required date range from
- **to**: allows for specifying the target date and time of the required date range

To clear the **from/to** date and time fields as well as the date range, click the **reset to defaults** button at the bottom of the window.

Clicking **run** at the bottom of the dialog generates the file for the specified period and sends the download link to the indicated email.

{{% notice note %}} 
The **run** button remains disabled if the **email**, **from** and **to** fields are not populated.  
Making only one request per minute for generating a SAF-T file is possible.
{{% /notice %}}

On clicking **run**, the document processing dialog displays. When the file-generating process is complete, the dialog closes automatically.

{{% notice tip %}} 
The user can click **close** to close the **document processing** dialog manually and continue working. This does not stop the generating process, which continues in the background.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Validation for the fiscal option
<a name="validation-for-the-fiscal-option"></a>
In CHQ, under `settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [your location] > the details tab`, we’ve added validation for the **fiscal** option. Now, if your location’s country is Norway, selecting the **fiscal** option is not possible unless **corporate ID** and **VAT registration #** are properly defined [at the country level](#fiscal-settings).

#### Updates at the device controller level

In CHQ, at the device controller level (`services > device controller > [your device controller record]`), we have:

1. on the **printing options** tab, for **sales receipt** and **store receipt**, removed the `no print` option in the **type** filed (if device location country is `Norway` and the **fiscal** option is selected [at the location level](#validation-for-the-fiscal-option))

2. on the **info** tab, added the capability to **generate new key** and/or **download key** for the respective device (if the **fiscal** option is selected [at the location level](#validation-for-the-fiscal-option)):

{{% notice note %}} 
The **generate new key** and **download key** buttons are hidden if the device record has not been saved yet.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_Norway3.jpg" width="500px"%}}

The **generate new key** / **download key** feature is helpful if key re-generation is required or if this device existed before fiscalization was turned on for Norway and a key must be generated for it.

Generation and downloading is available for the `Teamwork POS 6.0` application for users with the **Manage devices** security right.

Generated keys are securely transferred to Norwegian Tax Authorities via the Altinn portal. 

{{% notice note %}} 
Please note that CHQ automatically generates and stores a key when saving a new device record. The distribution of the public key (asymmetric encryption using RSA) and the secret key (symmetric encryption using HMAC) to the Norwegian Tax Administration is done along with the product declaration via the Altinn portal.
{{% /notice %}}

3. on the **printing options** tab, added two new sections – **Norway Z-Report** and **Norway X-Report** (if the device location country is `Norway` and the **fiscal** option is selected [at the location level](#validation-for-the-fiscal-option)).

In these sections, it is possible to configure the settings required for respective report printing – printer, its type, document template, and the number of copies:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_Norway4.jpg" width="500px"%}}

#### Article predefined basic IDs in tax areas

In CHQ, under `settings > company settings > taxes > tax areas`, in the **tax details** dialog (click `set up tax details > new or edit`) for Norway, we added the **fiscal code 2** field. 

This field is used to store *article predefined basic IDs* that correspond to tax categories to align with Norwegian Bookkeeping Regulations:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_Norway5.jpg" width="500px"%}}

For example, all food products, according to Norwegian bookkeeping regulations, must have the article predefined basic ID equal to `04006`.

#### X and Z report printing designs

In CHQ, under `settings > printing > mobile printing designs > new/edit > the printing areas tab`, we have added **Norway Z Report** and **Norway X Report** printing areas. 

These areas are used when printing the respective report (Z or X) for locations in Norway:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_Norway6.jpg" width="500px"%}}

#### See also

- [V6.44 POS Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.44_mobile_rel_guide/ "POS Release Guide Version 6.44")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Analytics & Services](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Norway SAF-T validation

`Build 6.44.53.0: PRO-16590`

As a part of updates that ensure compliance with Norwegian fiscal regulations, we’ve added the logic that automatically validates the generated SAF-T file against its schema.

If validation fails, the NOR_EventLog record is created, indicating the date and time of the event, the location where this event took place, as well as the error description.

## Settings

### Currency exchange rate groups

`Build 6.44.53.0: PRO-14062`

As of version 6.44.53.0, we’ve added the capability to create currency exchange rate groups. 

#### Purpose

This update allows users to manage exchange rate groups and associate them with locations and exchange rates, providing better control and flexibility over exchange rates management.

This logic can be helpful if the user is required to set up different exchange rates for different locations. Currency exchange rate groups make setup or update of exchange rates easier in case multiple locations have the same exchange rate. 

If your location does not belong to any currency exchange rate group or there is no exchange rate with a specified currency exchange rate group, then the standard exchange rate (with an empty currency exchange rate group) will be used.

#### Managing currency exchange rate groups

Reviewing, creating, and editing existing currency exchange rate groups are performed under` chq > settings > location settings > currency exchange rate groups`:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_currency1.jpg" width="600px"%}}

In the **currency exchange rate groups** area, the following information is available in the grid:

- **code**: currency exchange rate group’s code
- **description**: the user-defined group description
- **inactive**: indicates if the corresponding group is active or not. This column is not visible by default. To display, right-click the grid header and select the corresponding option from the menu that appears.

{{% notice tip %}} 
To filter existing Currency Exchange Rate Groups based on their active/inactive status, use the **filter** setting on the top right. By default, only active groups are shown in the list.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Creating and editing a currency exchange rate group

1. In CHQ, go to `settings > location settings > currency exchange rate groups`.
2. Click **new** at the top above the grid to create a new group. To edit an existing group, double-click the required record on the list (or select the group needed and click **edit**).
{{% notice note %}} 
Please be advised that the user must have the **Add/Edit Location Settings CHQ** security right to create/change currency exchange rate groups. Otherwise, the user will not see the **new** button, and the **view** button will display instead of **edit**.
{{% /notice %}}
3. In the **new currency exchange rate group** dialog that opens, configure the following:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_currency2.jpg" width="450px"%}}
- **code**: input the currency exchange rate group’s code name (128 characters max, must be unique)
- **description**: add the text description for the current group (512 characters max)
- **inactive**: check to deactivate the group

#### Currency exchange rate group: location-level settings

We’ve added the **currency exchange rate group** field in the group tab of the [your location] dialog under `chq > settings > location settings > locations/location settings > new/edit`:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_currency3.jpg" width="600px"%}}

The values available for selection in this field are currency exchange rate groups’ **descriptions**. If the description field is not populated, then the **code** values display.

This field autocompletes with the currency exchange rate group’s **description** if there is one in the group’s settings and the respective group is not marked as inactive.

{{% notice note %}} 
Please be advised that a user must have the **Add/Edit Location Settings CHQ** security right to edit the **currency exchange rate group** field.
{{% /notice %}}

This update also resulted in adding the **currency exchange rate group** column to locations list view under `settings > location settings > locations/location settings`. Now, the user can sort locations by this parameter.

{{% notice tip %}} 
The **currency exchange rate group** column is not visible by default. To show it, right-click on the top of the grid and select the corresponding option in the menu that appears.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Currency exchange rate group: company-level settings

We’ve added the **currency exchange rate group** field to the **general** section of the **currency - exchange rate** dialog under `chq > settings > company settings > currencies > [selected currency] > exchange rates > new/edit`:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_currency4.jpg" width="600px"%}}

The values available for selection in this field are currency exchange rate groups’ **descriptions**. If the description field is not populated, then the **code** values display.

If the currency exchange rate group is specified, then this exchange rate will be used in sales instead of the standard exchange rate (with an empty currency exchange group), and it will not be used in purchasing.

{{% notice info %}} 
The exchange rate for the currency with or without an exchange rate group specified is populated *manually* by the client under the **take rate** and **give rate** sections in the respective **currency - exchange rate** dialog.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% notice note %}} 
Please be advised that a user must have the **Add/Edit Company Settings CHQ** security right to edit the **currency exchange rate group** field.
{{% /notice %}}

This update also resulted in adding the **currency exchange rate group** column under `chq > settings > company settings > currencies > [selected currency] > exchange rates`. Now the user can sort currency records by this parameter:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 CHQ Release Guide/6.44_chq_currency5.jpg" width="500px"%}}

{{% notice tip %}} 
The **currency exchange rate group** column is not visible by default. To show it, right-click the header of the grid and select the corresponding option in the menu that appears.
{{% /notice %}}

Additionally, we’ve extended the filter feature with the **currency exchange rate group** filter. To make use of it, click the **filter** on the top right and then select the required exchange rate group from the respective dropdown menu.

#### See also

- [V6.44 POS Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.44_mobile_rel_guide/ "POS Release Guide Version 6.44")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### "Prompt on payment" renamed to "prompt for global fee on pay"

`Build 6.44.53.0: PRO-16287`

We’ve changed the label of the **prompt on payment** setting located under `chq > settings > sales > fees > new or edit`. Now it is called **prompt for global fee on pay**.

The **prompt for global fee on pay** setting, if selected, allows for prompting the associate to add fees to the transaction when tapping the **PAY** button in POS PRO.

#### See also

- [V6.44 POS Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.44_mobile_rel_guide/ "POS Release Guide Version 6.44")
- [Cloud HQ User Manual: Settings](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/manuals/ "CHQ Manual Version 6")

### Inventory/catalog settings reorganization

`Build 6.44.53.0: PRO-9937 & PRO-9938`

We’ve updated inventory and catalog settings under `settings > inventory / catalog`. These changes include:

**AREA**|**SUB-AREA**|**SETTING**|**CHANGES**| 
:-----------|:-----------|:-----------|:-----------|
inventory settings|general|allow non-unique UPC|made it read-only|
inventory settings|general|DCSS|renamed it to DCSS display|
inventory settings|general|ACSS|renamed it to ACSS display|
inventory settings|replenishment|optimal stock - custom panel 1 label|removed|
inventory settings|replenishment|optimal stock - custom panel 2 label|removed|
inventory settings|replenishment|optimal stock - custom panel 3 label|removed|
kit orders|general|scrap location|removed|
kit orders|general|label for assigned associate|removed|
kit orders|progress labels|label|removed|
kit orders|progress labels|list order|removed|
kit orders|progress labels|archived|removed|
kit orders|quality control labels|label|removed|
kit orders|quality control labels|list order|removed|
kit orders|quality control labels|archived|removed|
kit orders|destination labels|label|removed|
kit orders|destination labels|list order|removed|
kit orders|destination labels|archived|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom date 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom date 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom date 3|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom date 4|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom decimal 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom decimal 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom decimal 3|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom decimal 4|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom flag 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom flag 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom flag 3|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom flag 4|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom lookup 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom lookup 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom lookup 3|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom lookup 4|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom lookup 5|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom lookup 6|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom lookup 7|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom lookup 8|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom number 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom number 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom number 3|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom number 4|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom text 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom text 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom text 3|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|custom text 4|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|label|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|visible|removed|
custom fields|kit order header|list order|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom date 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom date 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom decimal 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom decimal 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom flag 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom flag 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom lookup 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom lookup 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom lookup 3|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom lookup 4|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom number 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom number 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom text 1|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|custom text 2|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|label|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|visible|removed|
custom fields|kit order lines|list order|removed|

Additionally, we’ve removed the **kits** and **kit orders** areas with respective settings under `chq > inventory`.

## Other enhancements

### JSON-based Promo Engine Import and Export APIs: Added AcceptedMembershipLevels

`Build 6.44.53.0: PRO-16294`

We’ve extended JSON-based Promo Engine Import and Export APIs with a new **AcceptedMembershipLevels** field. This field lists membership levels that are allowed if **RestrictMemberships** (in exports) and **Restrict** (in imports) equal `true`.

### Logging of CHQ and Scheduler SQL requests

`Build 6.44.53.0: PRO-16595`

As of version 6.44.53.0, we’ve added logging of all SQL requests made by CHQ and Scheduler to the database. Such logging is not made by default and is enabled upon request. This can be helpful if an analysis of performance issues is required.

### Cost Ledger: RecModified added to LedgerHeader and LedgerDetail

`Build 6.44.53.0: DS-4167`

At the backend, we’ve updated Cost Ledger by adding the **RecModified** field with the date and time of the record modification to LedgerHeader and LedgerDetail tables. 

This allows BigQuery to copy not only new but also modified records, thus eliminating the mismatch between BigQuery and CHQ data in case Cost Ledger tables were updated.

### Masking PII data before transferring to BigQuery

`Build 6.44.53.0: DS-5031`

We’ve added the capability to prevent raw PII data transfer to BigQuerry. This new logic helps comply with existing data protection regulations, for example, if client servers are located in Mainland China.

Transferring of raw PII data is enabled/disabled by the **Allow PII Data Transferring** setting:

- if set to `true` (default), the PII data is transferred "as is"
- if set to `false`, PII data is masked, but non-PII data is kept unchanged

This setting is internal and not available for CHQ users via CHQ UI. 

## Issue Resolutions

### Transactional emails not sent

`Build 6.44.53.0: DS-5184`

We’ve fixed the issue where the retailer did not receive transactional emails from CHQ as no records were created in the dbo.EmailTask table at the backend.

## Impacted Areas

Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite allows for unique client-specific configurations. If the above is your case, we recommend that the areas and workflows listed below be additionally checked to ensure the existing functionality works as expected in conjunction with the newly released features.

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that the information below does not include details on the configurations and conditions required for testing the new features. For detailed information, see the respective feature description in this release guide.
{{% /notice %}}

Feature|Impact|
:-----------|:-----------|
Compliance with Norwegian fiscal requirements|In CHQ, configure the settings to comply with Norwegian fiscal requirements.|
Currency exchange rate groups|Test workflows related to creating and managing currency exchange rate groups.|
“Prompt on payment” renamed to "prompt for global fee on pay"|Test workflows related to appying fees during sales in POS PRO.|
Inventory/catalog settings reorganization|In CHQ, check the updated labels under `settings > inventory / catalog`.|

{{% notice warning %}}
WE DO NOT WARRANT AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY VENDOR’S PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. ALL SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE IS ACQUIRED SUBJECT TO THE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, AND OTHER TERMS PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER OR SUPPLIER OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT. YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH ANY SUCH MANUFACTURER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, OR OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO LOOK SOLELY TO THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR OF THE PRODUCT FOR MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO RESOLUTION OF SYSTEM ERRORS, BUGS, PATCHES, HOT FIXES, ETC. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, INCLUDING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES IN THE EVENT A THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE GIVES RISE TO AN INFRINGEMENT CLAIM, WILL BE AGAINST THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR AND NOT AGAINST US.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE VERSION OF THE PROGRAM SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING ANY UNDERLYING THIRD PARTY TECHNOLOGIES AND/OR PLATFORMS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH SAME, MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER DATA, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL FURNISHED TO USER HEREUNDER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONDITION THEREOF; AND WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.
{{% /notice %}}

<br>

[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/CHQ%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.44.53.0.pdf)




