---
title: "Version 6.32"
date: 2021-06-01T13:18:29+03:00
draft: false
weight: 99
---
## Feature Descriptions

### European Fiscal Compliance: Germany

`Build 6.32.91: PRO-3624, PRO-3728`

To meet fiscal requirements in Germany, POS Pro V6 now has the capability to connect to and communicate with a TSE device (German: *Technische Sicherheitseinheit*, or “technical safety device”).

#### Purpose

According to the fiscal requirements in Germany, the POS Pro app must be connected with a certified TSE device at all times. The TSE device is designed to ensure data inalterability and security during day-to-day operations of the POS app.

POS and TSE communicate during all fiscal-related transactions, such as creating, printing, and voiding/reversing Sales Receipts as well as managing Drawer Memos.

The connected TSE device also provides secure storage for all fiscal related data. Through POS Pro, this storage can be accessed to provide a fiscal report for tax auditing purposes.

#### Configuring connection to the TSE device

For the POS Pro app to communicate with the TSE device, the connection between the two must be properly configured.
{{% notice note %}}
A device with the installed POS Pro app can be connected to only one TSE device at a time, however a TSE device has the capability to operate several POS devices. As of version 6.32, Teamwork only supports one TSE device connected to a POS device.
{{% /notice %}}
In POS Pro, to configure your TSE device connection:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **More** (**A** in the screenshot below):
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_1.png" title="The More menu" width="700px"%}}
2. In the menu that opens, tap **Settings**.
3. In the left-side panel under **Settings**, tap **Fiscal Device**. 
{{% notice info %}}
If the fiscal device settings must be configured by the system administrator and then streamed to the respective device, in CHQ, configuration is possible under `services > device controller > [your device] > app settings > the fiscal device section` (see [V6.32 CHQ Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1353285735/Version+6+Series+CHQ+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence).  
Any changes in the fiscal device settings are automatically synchronized between POS Pro and CHQ.
{{% /notice %}}
4. Tap **Edit Fiscal Device**:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_2.png" title="The Edit Fiscal Device button" width="700px"%}}
5. In the **Fiscal Device** dialog, tap the value in the **Device Type** field and then select the required TSE device from the list:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_3.png" title="The value in the Device Type field" width="400px"%}}
6. Once a TSE device is selected, fill out the following fields that appear below:
|**Field**|**Description**|**Value**|
|:---|:---|:---|
|**IP Address**|the IP address to connect to your TSE device|Required. Empty by default|
|**Timeout (milliseconds)**|the allowed time interval for the TSE to respond|Required. Values can range from `5000` (5 seconds) to `120000` (2 minutes). On a new installation, `5000` is set by default|
|**PUK (Personal Unblocking Key)**|the Personal Unblocking Key to your TSE device. PUK is defined during the initial setup of the TSS device| Required. A numeric 6-character value. Blank by default|
|**Admin Pin**|the administrator’s PIN to log in to the TSE device. The Admin PIN is defined during the initial setup of the TSE device| Required. An alphanumeric 5-character value. Blank by default|
|**Time Admin Pin**|the factory administrative PIN that can be changed during the initial TSE setup|Required. An alphanumeric 5-character value. Blank by default|
|**Secret Key**|the code that allows POS to access the TSE device as well as pass and receive data from the latter. This value is defined during the initial setup of the TSE| Required. An alphanumeric 8-character value. Blank by default|
|**Timeout for admin auto lockout (seconds)**|the time interval after which the Admin account is logged out of TSE if there is no activity on the Admin login|Values can range from `900` (15 minutes) to `7200` (2 hours). `900` is set by default|
|**Timeout for time admin auto lockout (seconds)**|the time interval after which the Time Admin account is logged out of TSE if there is no activity on the Time Admin login |Values can range from `900` (15 minutes) to `86400` (24 hours). `28800` (8 hours) is set by default|
|**Export timeout period (seconds)**|the time interval after which TSE data export is cancelled if the TSE is in the export mode but no export calls are made|Values can range from `100` to `330`. `100` is set by default|

7. Once finished, tap **Done** in the upper right corner.

#### Retrieving reports from TSE

To retrieve a report from the TSE storage, for example, for tax audit purposes:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **More** in the navigation panel at the bottom.
2. In the menu that opens, tap **Settings**.
3. In the left-side panel under **Settings**, tap **Fiscal Device**.
4. Tap **TSE Storage Information** (**A** in the screenshot below):
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_4.png" title="The TSE Storage Information button" width="700px"%}}
The requested fiscal information will appear in the new **TSE Storage Information** dialog.
{{% notice info %}}
If the store employee must retrieve a fiscal report but doesn’t have the security rights to access the `Settings > Fiscal Device` area, the report can also be retrieved under `Settings > General Info` by tapping **Retrieve** in the **TSE Storage Information** field.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Managing Sales Receipts with a connected TSE device

If the connection with a TSE device is properly configured, the POS Pro app communicates with the latter at the backend when a Sales Receipt is created, finalized, discarded, voided/reversed, or printed. The TSE device thus receives and records all the necessary fiscal information.

If the connection to TSE is stable, no notifications appear in the POS Pro UI.

However, if at any stage of processing a Sales Receipt the TSE device is disconnected, the following notification appears in POS Pro (**A** in the screenshot below):
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_5.png" title="Notification about the disconnected fiscal device" width="700px"%}}
At Teamwork’s backend, such a Sales Receipt is marked with the `Fiscal System Offline` indicator. The indicator informs the retailer that it is required to reconcile that offline transaction with the tax authority.

Also, if the TSE device was disconnected at any stage, the respective `Fiscal System Offline` statement is automatically printed on the physical Sales Receipt and/or included to the emailed Sales Receipt.

Also, Teamwork logs any problems encountered in communication with the TSE to account for any gaps or missing information.

#### Managing Drawer Memo: Start of Day process with a connected TSE device

When starting a new Drawer Memo, POS Pro checks the connection to the TSE device.

If the TSE is available, the **Initializing TSE device…** notification appears and then the Start of Day process begins. If the connection to TSE is stable, no further notifications display in the POS Pro UI.

Alternatively, if connection is lost or there’s no TSE device configured (when the location’s **country** = `Germany`), the **TSE Device Unavailable** dialog appears:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_6.png" title="The TSE Device Unavailable dialog" width="250px"%}}
To return to the previous area, tap **Cancel**.

To create a Drawer Memo without the TSE, tap **Continue Offline**.

If **Continue Offline** was selected, the following is true for that Drawer Memo:

- at the backend, the Drawer Memo is marked with the `Fiscal System Offline` indicator
- all the Sales Receipts further made against that Drawer Memo are also marked with the `Fiscal System Offline` indicator
- in POS Pro UI, in all Sales Receipts, the **Fiscal system is not connected; check device** notification appears
- during the End of Day process for that Drawer Memo, communication with the TSE device will be skipped

#### Managing Drawer Memo: End of Day process with a connected TSE device

When finalizing the End of Day process on a Drawer Memo, POS Pro checks the connection to the TSE device.

If the TSE device is available, the **Finalizing TSE Records…** notification appears and then the End of Day process completes. At the backend, along with the regular finalization processes, the data from the TSE device is sent to CHQ.

Alternatively, if connection is lost, the **Connection Failed** dialog appears:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_7.png" title="The Connection Failed dialog" width="300px"%}}
To try to connect to the TSE device again, tap **Yes**.

To finalize the Drawer Memo without communicating with TSE, tap **No**.

If the End of Day process was finalized without communicating with the TSE, the data that was not exported due to that communication error will be exported and sent to CHQ during the finalization of the next Drawer Memo when the connection with TSE is restored.

#### See also

- [V6.32 CHQ Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1353285735/Version+6+Series+CHQ+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1515062233/iPad+POS+Quick+Reference+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

### European Fiscal Compliance: Italy

`Build 6.32.91: PRO-3998, PRO-4217, PRO-4353, PRO-4423, PRO-4383, PRO-4385, PRO-4386, PRO-4532, PRO-4722`

To meet fiscal requirements in Italy, we’ve updated the POS Pro V6 app to connect to and communicate with the RT (Italian: *Registratore Telematico*) fiscal printer.

#### Purpose

The RT printer is used to print fiscal receipts as well as automatically report fiscal information to the tax authority. 

In Italy, non-fiscal (commercial) receipts include reprinted Sales Receipts, Receipts for purchases under 100 Euros, a Store Copy of the Receipt, and Gift Receipts. Commercial receipts are not reported to the tax authorities.

Non-fiscal (commercial) receipts as well as other types of documents, for example, Ship Memos, can be printed only via non-fiscal printers.

It is also now possible to print an X-report via POS Pro UI for tax auditing purposes. An X-report is a midday account of sales that the POS user can generate on the auditor’s request. 

#### Configuring connection to the RT fiscal printer

For the POS Pro app to communicate with the fiscal printer, the connection between the two must be correctly configured. 
{{% notice note %}}
As of version 6.32, Teamwork only supports one RT fiscal printer connected to a POS device.
{{% /notice %}}
To do so, in POS Pro:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **More** (**A** in the screenshot below):
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_8.png" title="The More menu" width="700px"%}}
2. In the menu that opens, tap **Settings**.
3. In the left-side panel under **Settings**, tap **Fiscal Device**.
{{% notice info %}}
If the fiscal device settings must be configured by the system administrator and then streamed to the respective device, in CHQ, configuration is possible under `services > device controller > [your device] > app settings > the fiscal device section` (see [V6.32 CHQ Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1353285735/Version+6+Series+CHQ+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence).  
Any changes in the fiscal device settings are automatically synchronized between POS Pro and CHQ.
{{% /notice %}}
4. Tap **Edit Fiscal Device**:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_9.png" title="The Edit Fiscal Device button" width="700px"%}}
5. In the **Fiscal Device** dialog, tap the value in the **Device Type** field and then select the required fiscal printer from the list:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_10.png" title="The value in the Device Type field" width="400px"%}}
6. Once a printer is selected, fill out the following fields that appear below:
- **IP Address**: the IP address to connect to the printer
 - **Timeout (milliseconds)**: the time interval for the printer to respond. Values can range from `5000` (5 seconds) to `120000` (2 minutes)
- **Cash drawer installed**: the option to indicate if a fiscal device drawer is installed. If `Yes` is selected, POS Pro will use that cash drawer when opening the drawer is required
7. When finished, tap **Done** in the upper right corner.

#### Printing the fiscal X-report

To print an X-report, for example, for tax auditing purposes, in POS Pro:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **More** in the navigation panel at the bottom.
2. In the menu that opens, tap **Settings**.
3. In the **General Info** tab that opens automatically, tap **Print Report** in the **Fiscal X-Report** field:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_11.png" title="The Fiscal X-report field" width="700px"%}}
The X-report will be printed via the connected fiscal printer.

#### Managing Sales Receipts with a connected fiscal printer

{{% notice warning %}}
Please note that it is the retailer’s responsibility to ensure that the fiscal printer is correctly set up and working. In POS Pro, the user is notified when the printer is unavailable but sales processing is still allowed.
{{% /notice %}}
If the connection with a fiscal printer is properly configured, the POS Pro app communicates with the latter at the backend when a Sales Receipt is created, finalized, and voided/reversed.

If the connection to the printer is stable, no notifications appear in the POS Pro UI. 

Alternatively, if the printer connection is not set up, the **Fiscal Printer Error** dialog appears:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_12.png" title="The Fiscal Printer Error dialog" width="300px"%}}
To continue processing a Sales Receipt without the fiscal printer, tap **Okay**.

If connection to the printer is lost, the **Fiscal Printer Unavailable** dialog displays:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_13.png" title="The Fiscal Printer Unavailable dialog" width="300px"%}}
To try to connect to the printer again, tap **Retry**.

To continue processing a Sales Receipt without the fiscal printer, tap **Continue**.

Also, if the user is in the Sales Receipt area and the fiscal printer is unavailable, the **Fiscal printer not found** message appears at the top (**A** in the screenshot below):
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_14.png" title="Notification when the printer is not found" width="700px"%}}
If printer connection is lost on finalizing a Sales Receipt, the **Fiscal Printer Unavailable** dialog appears:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_15.png" title="The Fiscal Printer Unavailable dialog" width="300px"%}}
To try to send the receipt to the fiscal printer again, tap **Retry**.

To finalize the sale without printing the fiscal receipt, tap **Finalize Receipt**.
{{% notice note %}}
Please note that if a Sales Receipt was finalized in POS Pro without connection to the fiscal printer, it is possible to use the printer keyboard for manual entry of receipt totals and tax values.
{{% /notice %}}

##### Saving a lottery number on a Sales Receipt

{{% notice info %}}
**Italian Receipt Lottery** is a government reward scheme aimed at boosting consumer spending, encouraging businesses to log sales with tax authorities, and incentivising electronic payments.
When making non-cash purchases, registered customers can provide their personal lottery codes to the retailer to count that purchase towards the lottery draw. Each euro spent earns the customer one entry into a prize draw.
{{% /notice %}}
In POS Pro, it is now possible to save the customer’s lottery number on a Sales Receipt. To do so:

1. Under `Sales Receipt > Payment`, tap **Add Number** in the **Lottery Number** field:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_16.png" title="The Lottery Number field" width="700px"%}}
2. In the **Lottery Number** dialog that opens, type the number in the **Enter number** field or scan the barcode provided by the customer with the camera.
3. Tap **Done** in the upper right corner.

##### Giving change to customers with a connected fiscal printer

As of version 6.32.91 of POS Pro, if the country of the location is set to `Italy`, giving change to customers is possible only in cash.

Accordingly, under `Sales Receipt > Payment`, when the amount due is negative and there are no return items on the receipt (meaning that change is to be given to the customer), only the **Cash** payment method is available.

##### Holding Sales Receipts with a connected fiscal printer

As of version 6.32.91 of POS Pro, if the country of the location is set to `Italy`, held Sales Receipts are never printed. Also, under `Sales Receipts > On Hold`, when swiping left a row with a held Receipt, the **Print** option is disabled.

##### Printing options for Italy

If the country of the location is set to `Italy`, in POS Pro under `Sales Receipt > Payment`, configuration of the printing options is not available. Sales Receipts and Gift Receipts are always automatically printed via the fiscal RT printer.

Under `Sales Receipt > Payment`, the following options are available at the bottom:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_17.png" title="Printing options in the Sales Receipt area" width="700px"%}}

- **Receipt**: print the Sales Receipt via the fiscal printer. This option is always selected and cannot be disabled
- **Store Copy**: print a second copy of the Sales Receipt via the fiscal printer. Unchecked by default
- **Gift**: print a Gift Receipt via the fiscal printer. Unchecked by default

The same options as described above are available under `Sales Receipt > Sale Complete`:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_18.png" title="Printing options in the Sale Complete area" width="700px"%}}
When opening a finalized Receipt, under `Sales Receipt > History > [selected Sales Receipt] > Payment`, if that is the last Receipt made and the associated Drawer Memo is not yet finalized, the **Receipt**, **Store Copy**, and **Gift** printing options are also enabled.

However, if it is not the last Receipt made or the associated Drawer Memo is finalized, only the Gift Receipt is available for printing:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_19.png" title="Only the Gift Receipt is available" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
Starting from version 6.32.124, under `Sales Receipt > History > [selected Sales Receipt] > Payment`, it is possible to reprint both the Sales Receipt and the Store Copy as non-fiscal documents even if:

- the opened Sales Receipt is not the last Receipt finalized
- the associated Drawer Memo is already finalized

Please note that reprinting must be done via the same fiscal printer as was used for printing the original fiscal receipt. If the printer is not the same, the **Receipt Not Available** error message displays in POS Pro.
{{% /notice %}}
<a name="anchor1"></a>

#### Managing Drawer Memo: Start of Day process with a connected RT printer ### 

POS Pro checks for the fiscal printer when the user begins the Start of Day process on a Drawer Memo. If the connection with the printer is stable, the Start of Day process begins, and no additional notifications appear in POS Pro UI.

Alternatively, if an incorrect printer type is set up, the **Printer Configuration Error** dialog appears:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_20.png" title="The Printer Configuration Error dialog" width="300px"%}}
If connection to the printer is lost, the **Fiscal Printer Unavailable** dialog displays:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_13.png" title="The Fiscal Printer Unavailable dialog" width="300px"%}}
Tapping **Continue** begins the Start of Day process without the fiscal printer.

If there are two or more unsent Z-reports on the printer, the **Fiscal Printer Warning** message displays:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_21.png" title="The Fiscal Printer Warning message" width="300px"%}}
{{% notice info %}}
**Z-report** is an end-of-day sales account. The fiscal printer sends a Z-report to the tax authority during the End of Day process.

The fiscal printer may fail to send a Z-report to the tax authorities if there’s an Internet connection problem or a communication error between POS Pro and the printer during the End of Day process. According to the fiscal regulations, if data from the printer is not sent within 12 days, it has to be manually extracted from the device and uploaded on the tax authority’s website in the merchant’s profile.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Managing Drawer Memo: End of Day process with a connected RT printer

POS Pro checks for the fiscal printer when the user begins the End of Day process on a Drawer Memo. If the connection with the printer is stable, the End of Day process begins, and no additional notifications appear in POS Pro UI.

If any problems with the fiscal printer are discovered, the same warnings as described in [Managing Drawer Memo: Start of Day process with a connected RT printer](#anchor1) appear in POS Pro.

Additionally, when the End of Day process is finalized, the fiscal printer automatically generates a Z-report and sends it to the tax authorities.

#### See also

- [V6.32 CHQ Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1353285735/Version+6+Series+CHQ+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1515062233/iPad+POS+Quick+Reference+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

### New promotion types added

`Build 6.32.91: PRO-3443`

In POS Pro V6, we’ve now made available the following promotions:

- **Buy X, get discount**: an item promo where the customer can buy X items and get a discount (applied to the purchased X items)
- **Spend more, get more**: an amount promo where the customer can spend an amount and get a % or $ discount for the entire receipt

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, the rules for each promotion can be configured under `sales > promotion engine > [selected promotion]`.

#### Promotions in the Sales Receipt area

In the **Sales Receipt** area of POS Pro, promotions are automatically applied to eligible items when the latter are added to the cart.

If a promotion has been applied, the item receives the `Promo` label and the green **Promotion(s) Applied. View Promo(s)** message displays at the top:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_22.png" title="The Promotions Applied notification" width="700px"%}}
Tapping **View Promo(s)** in the message opens the **Applied Promos** dialog. In the dialog, the name and the discounted amount of each promotion display:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_23.png" title="The Applied Promos dialog" width="400px"%}}
If the user has removed an item with a promotion under `Sales Receipt > Cart`, the **Promotion(s) Removed. View Promo(s)** message displays at the top.

Tapping **View Promo(s)** in the message opens the **Removed Promos** dialog. In the dialog, the name and the discounted amount of each promotion display:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_24.png" title="The Removed Promos dialog" width="400px"%}}

#### See also

- [V6.32 CHQ Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1353285735/Version+6+Series+CHQ+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1515062233/iPad+POS+Quick+Reference+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

### Sales Receipt: Updated PRINT/EMAIL section

`Build 6.32.91: PRO-4250`

To provide for a better user experience, we’ve updated the document printing flow in the **Sales Receipt** area of POS Pro V6.

#### Printing a store copy of a Sales Receipt

In POS Pro, it is now possible to print a store copy of a Sales Receipt on finalization as well as from a finalized Sales Receipt. The Store Copy option is now available in the following areas:

- `Sales Receipt > Payment`:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_25.png" title="Store Copy in the Payment area" width="700px"%}}
- `Sales Receipt > Sale Complete`:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_26.png" title="Store Copy in the Sale Complete area" width="700px"%}}
- `Sales Receipts > History > [selected Sales Receipt] > Payment`:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_27.png" title="Store Copy in finalized Sales Receipts" width="700px"%}}

#### Other printing changes

The following updates have been made in the **Sales Receipt** area of POS Pro:

1. Under the **PRINT/EMAIL** section, the **Sales Receipt** label was changed to **Receipt** (**A** in the screenshot below) and **Gift Receipt(s)** – to **Gift** (**B** in the screenshot):
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_28.png" title="Renamed printing options" width="700px"%}}
This update applies to the following POS Pro areas:

- `Sales Receipt > Payment`
- `Sales Receipt > Sale Complete`
- `Sales Receipts > History > [selected Sales Receipt] > Payment`

2. Under `Sales Receipt > Sale Complete`, the layout of the printing options has been changed.  Now, the **Receipt**, **Store Copy**, **Gift**, and **Email** buttons are located on the left and **Print Options**, **Print/Email** and **Reopen Drawer** – on the right:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_29.png" title="New options layout in the Sale Complete area" width="700px"%}}
3. If emailing Sales Receipts is not configured in CHQ, the **Email** option is now hidden.
{{% notice info %}}
For emailing to work properly, make sure the API key to the emailing service is indicated under `chq > settings > company settings > document emailing services > the Mandrill section`.
{{% /notice %}}
This change applies to the following POS Pro areas:

- `Sales Receipt > Payment`
- `Sales Receipt > Sale Complete`
- `Sales Receipts > History > [selected Sales Receipt] > Payment`
- `Sales Receipt > Printing Options`

#### See also

- [V6.32 CHQ Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1353285735/Version+6+Series+CHQ+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1515062233/iPad+POS+Quick+Reference+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

### New Check payment method

`Build 6.32.91: PRO-4276, PRO-4539`

In POS Pro, it is now possible to accept a **Check** payment when processing a sale.
{{% notice note %}}
Please note that this is a basic implementation of the **Check** payment method. In future versions of POS Pro, this functionality will be extended.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Configuration in CHQ

For the Check payment to be available in POS Pro, the Check payment method must be set up in CHQ under `settings > sales > payment methods`.

Also, the Check payment method must be marked as visible for your store location under `settings > sales > payment methods > location settings > [selected location] > the visible checkbox`.

Please note that in the current basic implementation of this payment method, the following Check payment related settings are ignored by POS Pro:

1. Under `settings > sales > payment methods > [Check payment method]`:

    - **require customer**
    - **allow for positive amount**
    - **max positive over-tender $** and **max positive over-tender %**
    - **allow for negative amount**
    - **max negative over-tender $** and **max negative over-tender %**  

2. The **allow negative** setting under `settings > sales > payment methods > location settings > [selected location]`.

#### Accepting a Check payment on a sale

To accept a Check payment, in POS Pro:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **New Sale**.
2. In the **Sales Receipt** area, add a customer and sale items (see [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1515062233/iPad+POS+Quick+Reference+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence).
3. Tap **Payment** at the bottom-right.
4. In the **Payment** area, tap **Check**:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_30.png" title="The Check payment icon" width="700px"%}}
5. In the **Check** dialog that opens, fill out the following fields:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_31.png" title="The Check dialog" width="400px"%}}
    - **Amount**: the check payment amount. By default, the value is set to the amount due
    - **Check**: the check number  
{{% notice info %}}
As of version 6.32.124 of POS Pro, depending on the **check # required** value under `chq > settings > sales > payment methods`, the **Check #** field in POS Pro may be:

- required (displayed in bold and with the * sign)
- not required
- not visible
{{% /notice %}}

6. Tap **Done** in the upper right corner. Back in the **Payment** area, the respective check payment record appears on the left. To view or remove the payment record, swipe left the payment row (highlighted in the screenshot above) left and then select the required option:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_32.png" title="The Check payment record in Payments" width="700px"%}}
7. Once the full payment amount is accepted, tap **Finalize** at the bottom-right.

#### See also

- [V6.32 CHQ Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1353285735/Version+6+Series+CHQ+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1515062233/iPad+POS+Quick+Reference+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

### IP-based connection to AirPrint printers

`Build 6.32.183: PRO-4786, PRO-4249`

Mobile devices running the POS Pro version 6 app can now connect to an AirPrint printer using the IP address.

#### Purpose

AirPrint is a technology that allows an Apple device and a printer to communicate via a wireless newtwork. With AirPrint, a POS device can quickly connect to the required printer without any cables or printer-specific drivers.

However, the AirPrint technology doesn't work across multiple subnetworks if the retailer employs network segmentation in their environment.
{{% notice info %}}
Network segmentation is the process of sectioning off one network into smaller segments, or subnetworks, in such a way that limits or prevents communication between them. It is a security practice employed in retail environments for protection of cardholders' data as well as ensuring the PCI compliance. 
{{% /notice %}}
To communicate with a POS device in such an environment, AirPrint printers must be:

- set up within the same subnetwork as the device sending out the printing data, and
- connected to that device using the IP address

Thus, to allow mobile devices to communicate with AirPrint printers in conditions described above, we've made available the IP-based connection.

#### Connecting to an AirPrint printer using the IP address

To set up an IP-based connection to an AirPrint printer, in POS Pro:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **More** (**A** in the screenshot below):
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_33.png" title="The More menu" width="700px"%}}
2. In the **More** menu that opens, tap **Settings**.
3. In the left-side panel, tap **Printers**.
4. Under **Printers** in the upper right corner, tap **Add New Printer**.
5. In the dialog that opens, define **Printer Number**, **Name**, and set **Printer Type** to `Network/IP`. Then, in the **Printer Model** field, select `IP AirPrint`:
{{% gimg src="632_posrelguide_34.png" title="The Printer Model field" width="400px"%}}
Also, in the **IP Address** field below, enter the required IP address.
{{% notice note %}}
For the correct IP address turn to your network administrator.
{{% /notice %}}
6. Tap **Done** in the upper right corner. 

#### See also

- [V6.32 CHQ Release Guide](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1353285735/Version+6+Series+CHQ+Release+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TD/pages/1515062233/iPad+POS+Quick+Reference+Guides) in Teamwork Confluence

## Issue Resolutions

### Purchasing a Gift Card doesn’t change the Sales Receipt total

`Build 6.32.91: DS-1881`

We’ve fixed the issue where adding a Gift Card to the customer’s purchase under `Sales Receipt > Cart` sometimes didn’t change the total payment amount. 

### Invoice Information: States/provinces are not limited by the selected country

`Build 6.32.91: DS-1887`

**Issue**

In the **Invoice Information** dialog of the `Sales Receipt > Payment` area, options for the **State/Province** field weren’t automatically limited if the **Country** field was populated.

**Resolution**

Now, if the **Country** field is defined, only relevant states/provinces are shown as possible options for the **State/Province** field.

### Sales Receipt: The RFID reader doesn’t reconnect after closing the GC Purchase dialog

`Build 6.32.91: DS-1893`

We’ve fixed the issue where the RFID reader would sometimes fail to reconnect to POS Pro after the user closed the **Gift Card Purchase** dialog.
{{% notice info %}}
The RFID reader should disconnect when the user opens any dialogs over the **Sales Receipt** area or leaves it completely. When the user returns to the **Sales Receipt** area, the connection should be automatically restored.
{{% /notice %}}

### Sales Receipts with items added via RFID scanning fail to print via the RT printer

`Build 6.32.137: DS-1952`

**Issue**

At locations with **country** = `Italy`, if sale items were added to the Sales Receipt via RFID scanning, that Receipt sometimes didn’t print via the RT fiscal printer.

**Resolution**

The issue has been fixed. Now, Sales Receipts with items added with an RFID scanner are successfully printed via the RT fiscal printer.

### Sales Receipt: The RFID reader doesn’t reconnect after an item is removed from the Cart

`Build 6.32.183: DS-1960`

We’ve fixed the issue where the RFID reader would fail to reconnect to the POS device after the following:

- under `Sales Receipt > Cart`, an item was added with an RFID reader
- the user tapped the added item to open the **[item name] - edit** dialog
- in the **[item name] - edit** dialog, the user tapped **Remove Item from Cart** and then returned to `Sales Receipt > Cart`
{{% notice info %}}
The RFID reader should disconnect when the user opens any dialogs over the **Sales Receipt** area or leaves it completely. When the user returns to the **Sales Receipt** area, the connection should be automatically restored. 
{{% /notice %}}

### Sales Receipt: Incorrect behavior of the Gift option

`Build 6.32.183: DS-1961`

**Issue**

Under `Sales Receipt > Payments`, the **Gift** option at the bottom wasn’t checked after the following:

- the user tapped **Gift** at the bottom
- in the dialog that opened, the user assigned items to one or several Gift Receipts and then saved changes by tapping **Done**

**Resolution**

Now, if at least one item is assigned to the Gift Receipt, the **Gift** option displays as checked under `Sales Receipt > Payments`.

If the user assigned no items to the Gift Receipt(s) and then tapped **Done**, the **Gift** option remains unchecked.

### Customer: Purchase history load time reduced

`Build 6.32.183: DS-1956`

We’ve made performance improvements to speed up loading of a customer’s purchase history in POS Pro.

### Catalog: Missing Direct Printers section in the Print Options dialog

`Build 6.32.188: DS-1993`

We’ve fixed the issue where, under `Catalog > Print Tags > Print Options`, the **Direct Printers** section wouldn’t appear in the dialog as expected. 

### Original Sales Receipts marked as duplicates

`Build 6.32.194: DS-2010`

Prior to version 6.32.194, a printed Sales Receipt could sometimes have the `Duplicate` label on it even if it was an original Sales Receipt. 


The issue has been fixed. Now, only reprinted Receipts have the `Duplicate` label.

### RFID reader connection issues

`Build 6.32.194: DS-2009`

We’ve fixed the issue where the connection to the RFID reader could be lost several times when processing a sale. Also, to help with tracking such problems, we’ve added logging of RFID connection issues.

### Synchronization failed with the “ALREADY_EXIST” error

`Build 6.32.198: DS-2025`

We’ve fixed the issue where manual synchronization of the POS Pro app sometimes couldn’t complete due to the “ALREADY_EXIST” error.

### Sales Receipt: Incorrect behavior of the Buy X, get Y promotion

`Build 6.32.202: DS-2037`

**Issue**

In POS Pro, the **Buy X, get Y** promotion was sometimes incorrectly removed and applied every time an item was added to `Sales Receipt > Cart`. 

**Resolution**

The issue has been fixed. Now, the **Buy X, get Y** promotion is correctly applied to eligible items and removed when the respective items are removed from the Cart.

### RFID tag reprogramming doesn’t work with a disconnected fiscal device

`Build 6.32.202: DS-2040`

**Issue**

At locations with **country** = `Germany`, under `Sales Receipt > Sale Complete`, the RFID tag reprogramming didn’t start automatically if the fiscal device was disconnected.  

**Resolution**

Now, as expected, the tag reprogramming process automatically starts in the **Sale Complete** area even when the fiscal device is disconnected.

### Adyen payments: POS returns to the Home Screen without finalizing Sales Receipts

`Build 6.32.202: DS-2045`

We've fixed the issue where POS Pro, when processing payments made via Adyen, returned to the **Home Screen** without receipt finalization.

### RFID reader connection issues

`Build 6.32.202: DS-2026`

We’ve fixed the issue where the RFID reader could occasionally disconnect when processing a sale.

### Receipt is not printed with the TSE fiscal device offline

`Build 6.32.202: DS-2041`

**Issue**

If POS was initialized for a location with **сountry** = `Germany` and the TSE fiscal device was disconnected, on finalizing a sale, it was impossible to print the Sales Receipt.

**Resolution**

The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, it is possible to print the Sales Receipt even if the TSE fiscal device is not connected.