---
title: "Version 6.35"
date: 2021-09-28T16:25:26+03:00
draft: false
weight: 96
---
## Feature Descriptions

### European fiscal compliance: Sweden

`Build 6.35.75: PRO-5972`
{{% notice warning %}}
As of version 6.35.75 of the software, the functionality described below is under review. The final release is planned for future version of POS PRO and may involve changes to the described features.
{{% /notice %}}
This update ensures compliance with the fiscal requirements in Sweden. In particular, the Teamwork Commerce PRO system can now communicate with Infrasec Central Control Unit (Infrasec CCU).
{{% notice info %}}
Infrasec CCU is a cloud-based fiscal service. Once integrated with the POS system, the CCU receives and stores information from POS about every completed transaction. The CCU then sends back a control code for that transaction that is stored and can be printed on the receipt. 
{{% /notice %}}

#### Configuration in CHQ
<a name="infrasec-configuration-in-chq"></a>
In CHQ, fiscalization related settings must be configured at the country level.  
In particular, under `settings > company settings > countries / regions > [Sweden] > fiscal`, the following fields must be filled out:

- **fiscal server code**
- **fiscal server name**
- **corporate ID**

Also, company locations for which fiscalization features should be available must have the **fiscal** checkbox selected under `settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [your location] > details >` the `address` section.

Once these settings are configured, fiscalization related features will be available on all devices initialized at locations with **country** = `Sweden`. 

##### Device registration in Infrasec
<a name="device-registration-in-infrasec"></a>
To be compliant with fiscalization requirements, each device running the POS PRO app must receive a registration ID and certificate from Infrasec CCU. This information is automatically streamed from CHQ and stored by POS PRO once the device is registered.

Device registration is handled by CHQ and requires no actions from the POS PRO user. In particular, registration occurs when on the appropriate CHQ server, a device record with the following details is created:

- **country** = `Sweden`
- **application** = `Teamwork POS - 6.0` 
- the app version installed includes fiscalization related features for Sweden (version 6.35 or higher)

After the device record is created in CHQ, fiscalization related settings are passed to POS once the app is synchronized. Synchronization occurs automatically once POS is installed and initialized or can be triggered manually at any time under `Home Screen > More > Settings > Synchronize`.

Re-registration of the device occurs in the following cases:

- after a major software update that involves changes to the fiscalization related features
- after the device is reset
- after the device changes locations (for example, from store A to store B)

In situations described above, CHQ handles the re-registration and automatically passes the new information to POS PRO.

#### Fiscalization related fields in Settings

For all locations with enabled fiscalization features and **country** = `Sweden`, the following fields are now visible under `Home Screen > More > Settings > General Info`:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_1.png" width="700px"%}}
- **Manufacturer**: software provider. `Teamwork Commerce` is the hardcoded value
- **POS Software Model**: name of the fiscal version of POS PRO. `Teamwork POS PRO SE` is the hardocoded value
- **Cash Register Key**: unique key that identifies the device. The key is generated by Teamwork and passed to Infrasec.  
`Not registered` may display if the device is not registered within Infrasec CCU

#### Making sales in POS PRO

When the user starts a new sale, POS PRO checks for:

- a valid device registration number (see [Device registration in Infrasec](#device-registration-in-infrasec)), and 
- configured fiscalization settings for the company (see [Configuration in CHQ](#infrasec-configuration-in-chq))

If there's no valid registration or the CHQ settings are not configured, on tapping **New Sale**, the **New Sales Not Permitted** error message appears.

Additionally, POS PRO communicates with Infrasec when the user finalizes a Sales Receipt. If POS cannot contact Infrasec CCU, the **Unable to Finalize Sale** error message appears.
{{% notice info %}}
The error message includes a specific text (for example, `Authentication credentials are invalid`) and an error code that may help clarify the issue.
{{% /notice %}}
Alternatively, if passing sale information to Infrasec has timed out, the **Fiscal Service Time Out** message may appear.

#### Printing/emailing a Sales Receipt

According to the fiscalization requirements, it is mandatory to print or email the Sales Receipt when the sale is finalized.   
Respectively, under `Sales Receipt > Payment`, one of the following options must be selected – **Receipt**, **Store Copy**, or **Email**:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_2.png" width="700px"%}}
Please note that, in the **Payment** area, you are allowed to select either printing or emailing. Accordingly, selecting an option unchecks the previously selected one.  
If a copy of the receipt is required, it must be printed from the **Sale Complete** area that appears after tapping **FINALIZE**.
{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that a total of two printed/emailed receipts is available, in particular:

- original receipt
- a copy of the receipt

Respectively, if two receipts were printed/emailed at the time of sale, the user cannot reprint or email from **Sales History**.  
Gift Receipts (the **Gift** option) are not considered fiscal and can be printed multiple times.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Voiding/reversing a Sales Receipt

When a Sales Receipt is voided/reversed in POS PRO, it is mandatory to print a reversal receipt. The reversal receipt is created and sent to Infrasec automatically when the user taps **Void/Reverse** in POS PRO. 

Accordingly, after tapping **Void/Reverse**, the **Print Options** dialog appears. In the dialog, configure the printing settings and then tap **Void/Reverse** in the upper right corner. 
{{% notice note %}}
Please note that the **Select Printer** and **Document Template** fields must be defined for the **Void/Reverse** option to be enabled.  
Also, cancelling out of the **Print Options** dialog results in cancelling the void/reverse process.
{{% /notice %}}
If the user tries to void/reverse a Sales Receipt and POS PRO cannot contact Infrasec, the **Void/Reverse Unavailable** error message appears.

#### Printing a Z-report

{{% notice info %}}
Z-reports are full day accounts of all transactions on the device. A Z-report is generated at 12AM every night, and a corresponding PDF is created and stored. 
{{% /notice %}}

To view available Z-reports for the initialized location, under `Home Screen > More > Settings > General Info`, tap **Z-reports**.

In the **Z-Reports** area, the following information is available:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_3.png" width="700px"%}}
- **Date/Time**: date and time when the report was generated
- **Drawer Station**: connected drawer station
- **Device**: ID of the device for which the report was generated
- **Report ID**: unique number of the report

To print a report, tap the required row.  
In the **Print Z-Report** dialog, define the **Select Printer** and **Number of Copies** fields and then tap **Print** in the upper right corner:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_4.png" width="400px"%}}

#### Running and printing an X-report

The X-Report is a snapshot of the day, which can be run at any time. 

To run an X-Report, in POS PRO:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **Reports** in the bottom navigation panel or in the **More** menu.
2. In the list of available reports, select **X-Report**:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_5.png" width="700px"%}} 
The generated  X-Report will be shown on the screen.
3. To print the X-Report, select the **Print** button in the top right corner of the screen. 
4. In the **Printer Options** dialog that opens, select a printer and initialize the printing process.

#### See also

- [V6.35 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.35_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)
- [Onboarding Guide: Swedish Fiscal Integration with INFRASEC Services](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Prodint/pages/3374972945/Documentation+on+Fiscalization+Functionality) on Teamwork Confluence

### Applying coupons in POS PRO

`Build 6.35.75: PRO-5100`
{{% notice warning %}}
As of version 6.35.75 of the software, the functionality described below is under review. The final release is planned for future version of POS PRO and may involve changes to the described features.
{{% /notice %}}
In POS PRO, it is now possible to apply coupons to an individual sale item (item-level coupons) or all items on the receipt (global/transaction-level coupons).

#### Purpose

Coupons are vouchers entitling the holder to a discount when purchasing goods and services.

The retailer can issue coupons to reward customers based on their purchase history, increase sales as well as promote the retailer’s brand. 
{{% notice info %}}
In Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite, a customer can have coupons from various fiscal zones simultaneously. At the same time, a coupon can be redeemed only within the same fiscal zone where it was purchased.  
Typically, a fiscal zone represents a country of business where a distinct currency is in circulation, and where unique rules may be set for stored value cards.
{{% /notice %}}
With this update, in POS PRO it's now possible to: 

- search for coupons by scanning, manual entry, or adding a customer record with linked coupons
- view coupon details
- apply coupons to individual items on the sale
- select transaction-level coupons for application and have the coupon discount automatically distributed among the sale items
- force-apply coupons that have a discount amount or percentage larger than the item price or the sale total
- have the coupon discount amount automatically recalculated if the Sales Receipt is changed after adding coupons

#### Configuration in CHQ

For coupons to be available in POS PRO, in CHQ:

- the **enable coupons discount** checkbox must be selected under `settings > company settings > credit & reward platform > fiscal zones > [selected fiscal zone] > coupons`
- a coupon program must be created for the required zone under `settings > company settings > credit & reward platform > fiscal zones > [selected fiscal zone] > coupons`
- coupons must be created within that coupon program under `sales > coupons`

Also, for global (transaction-level) coupons to be available in POS PRO, in CHQ under `settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [selected location] > sales >` the `sales` section, the **display global coupon option** checkbox must be selected.

#### Applying a coupon to a sale item

To apply a coupon to an individual sale item, in POS PRO:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **New Sale**.

2. In the **Sales Receipt** area, add sale items and a customer to the sale. 

3. Tap the item to which the coupon must be applied.

4. In the **Discounts** area that opens, tap **Coupons** at the top:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_41.png" width="700px"%}}

5. To apply a coupon by scanning, tap **Scan** at the top of the area  {{% inum "1" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_42.png" width="700px"%}}
Also, it's possible to manually enter the *full* coupon number in the **Search** field  {{% inum "2" %}}.
{{% notice info %}}
If the coupon is found but cannot be applied to the item, the **Coupon Details** dialog displays with the `Coupon cannot be applied` notification. In the dialog, the coupon value that doesn't meet the requirements for the application will be highlighted in red.    
The following issues can occur:

- **Zone**: the coupon zone is different from the zone of the initialized location
- **Available From**: the date on which the coupon becomes active has not been reached
- **Expires**: the coupon has expired
- **Item Restriction**: the coupon cannot be applied to the item due to the configured item or promo group restrictions
- **Uses Remaining**: the coupon has no remaining uses
- **Customer**: the coupon is linked to a specific customer, and a different or no customer was added to the sale
{{% /notice %}}
Alternatively, under **CUSTOMER COUPONS**, tap **ADD** next to the required coupon:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_46.png" width="700px"%}}
Note that coupons in the **CUSTOMER COUPONS** section appear only when a customer that has coupons available for use is added to the Sales Receipt.

When a coupon is applied, it appears in the **APPLIED COUPONS** section. Under **APPLIED COUPONS**, the following values are available:

- **PRE-COUPON**: the item price before any coupons are applied
- **Coupon Discounts**: the total amount taken off the item after coupons are applied
- **New Price**: the item price after coupons are applied

Also, for each coupon, the following information is available:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_43.png" width="700px"%}}

- coupon description, for example, `Holiday 10% Off`
- expiration date: if the coupon doesn't expire, `N/A` displays in the **EXPIRES** field
- remaining uses
- the discount amount or percentage

Please note that if the user applies an amount-type coupon – for example, a *10$ Off* coupon – and the discounted amount is greater then the item's price, the `X applied, Y will be lost` warning appears on the coupon:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_45.png" width="700px"%}}

Once the coupon is applied, it's possible to view the coupon details or remove it from the item. To do so, under **APPLIED COUPONS**, swipe left that coupon and then tap the respective option {{% inum "1" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_44.png" width="700px"%}}
Alternatively, to remove all coupons applied to the item, tap **Remove All Coupons** {{% inum "2" %}}.

6. When finished managing the coupons, tap **Back** in the upper left corner.

7. In the **Sales Receipt** area, tap **Payment** at the bottom-right.

8. Choose the required payment method and accept the payment. 

9. Tap **FINALIZE**.

#### Applying a coupon to the entire sale

When applying global (transaction-level) coupons, POS PRO will automatically distribute the discount amount or percentage from each selected coupon among the sale items. 

To apply a coupon to the entire receipt, in POS PRO:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **New Sale**.

2. In the **Sales Receipt** area, add sale items and a customer to the sale. 

3. In the right-side panel showing totals, tap **Add Coupons**:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_47.png" width="700px"%}}
 {{% notice info %}}
A red dot may display over the **Add Coupons** button if:
- there is a customer on the sale that has available coupons
- the user has already scanned (added) coupons to the sale
{{% /notice %}}
4. In the **Coupons** area, to add a  coupon by scanning, tap **Scan** at the top {{% inum "1" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_48.png" width="700px"%}}
Also, it's possible to manually enter the *full* coupon number in the **Search** field  {{% inum "2" %}}.  
Added coupons then appear in the **SCANNED COUPONS** section.

5. Under **SCANNED COUPONS**, tap the coupons that need to be applied {{% inum "1" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_49.png" width="700px"%}}
Note that it's also possible to tap coupons in the **CUSTOMER COUPONS** section ({{% inum "2" %}} in the screenshot above). The **CUSTOMER COUPONS** section appears only when a customer that has coupons available for use is added to the Sales Receipt.  
Additionally, to select all added coupons for application, tap **Select All** at the bottom ({{% inum "3" %}} in the screenshot above).   
Selected coupons are applied automatically, and their discount amount and/or percentage is proportionally distributed between items on the receipt. Applied coupons have the **Applied** tag assigned ({{% inum "1" %}} in the screenshot below):
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_50.png" width="700px"%}}
Also, the **Sale Coupons** field in the right-side panel ({{% inum "2" %}} in the screenshot above) shows the total amount discounted by coupons.
{{% notice info %}}
Coupons that couldn't be applied are assigned the **Not Applied** tag and the `Criteria not met` notification. For example, POS PRO may not be able to apply a coupon if it's not combinable with a certain promotion or discount on the receipt. 
{{% /notice %}}

6. When finished managing the coupons, tap **Close** in the upper left corner.

7. In the **Sales Receipt** area, tap **Payment** at the bottom-right.

8. Choose the required payment method and accept the payment. 

9. Tap **FINALIZE**.

##### Force application

Coupons that have a value exceeding the sale total must be applied manually (forced).  
In the example described below, the customer wishes to use their 50$ coupon on a 37$ purchase. In that scenario, the store associate should perform manual application by:

1. Finding and swiping left the required coupon. 
2. Tapping **Force**:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_51.png" width="700px"%}}
Once applied, the `X applied, Y will be lost` notification appears on the coupon.  
For example, in the screenshot below, applying a 50$ coupon to a 37.46$ sale results in 12.54$ not used:
{{% gimg src="V6.34 Mob Release Guide/6.34_posrelguide_52.png" width="700px"%}}
Additionally, the `Forced` tag is assigned to the coupon.  
To cancel the application of the coupon or view coupon details, swipe left the coupon and then select the required option.

#### See also

- [V6.33 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.33_chq_relguide/#managing-coupons-in-chq)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Applying validation masks to Gift Cards numbers

`Build 6.35.75: PRO-7526`

POS PRO now respects the **gift card # validation mask** setting located in CHQ under `settings > company settings > credit & reward platform > fiscal zones > [selected fiscal zone] > gift cards >` the `gift card number` section.

In particular, when the user creates a new Gift Card, POS PRO checks if the Gift Card number is valid by applying the validation mask(s) defined for that fiscal zone. If the number is invalid, the following error message appears: `Gift card number doesn't match validation mask`. 

Additionally, as a part of this update, the **gift card # validation mask** setting is no longer applied when:

- redeeming a Gift Card,
- adding value to an existing Gift Card, or
- checking Gift Card balance in POS PRO

#### See also

- [V6.35 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.35_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Selling Virtual Gift Cards

`Build 6.35.75: PRO-7078`

In POS PRO, it's now possible to sell a Virtual Gift Card (VGC) and send it to the designated email address on a chosen date. 

#### Purpose
 {{% notice info %}}
**Terminology and abbreviations**

- **Buyer** – a person who buys a gift card.
- **Giftee** – a person who the gift card is bought for.
- **Virtual Gift Card**, or **VGC** – a digital code that can be used for redeeming, no actual card is required for redemption.
{{% /notice %}}
The new functionality may be useful when a customer is coming to the store to purchase a gift card as a present. The customer (buyer) now has the capability to

- schedule emailing the VGC to the giftee for a specific date and time,
- add a custom text message to the email,
- have the VGC sent to the buyer's email, or receive a confirmation when the VGC is sent to the giftee.

The giftee can then redeem the VGC by providing the gift card's number at the time of sale.

#### Configuration in CHQ

##### Creating a service item

To allow selling VGCs in POS PRO, a service item respresenting the VGCs must be created in CHQ under `inventory > styles & items`. The item must have the following characteristics:

- **item type**: service item
- **item classification**: charge
- **charge type**: virtual gift card

The item's price is the default payment amount that is suggested in the **Sales Receipt** area of POS PRO. 

Please note that it's possible to set up multiple VGCs in the catalog if the retailer uses VGCs with predefined values (for example, 100$ Virtual Gift Card, 50$ Virtual Gift Card, etc.)
Alternatively, if associates are allowed to set any value on a VGC, it's recommended that a single VGC is set up in CHQ with a `0` value. Setting the `0` value allows store associates to define the value of the VGC at the point of sale. 

##### Configuring the Virtual Gift Card Purchase option in v6 App Designer

To make the **Virtual Gift Gard Purchase** option available in the **Sales Receipt** area of POS PRO, in CHQ under `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer > Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Sales Receipt > Receipt Options`, check that **Virtual Gift Card Purchase** is placed under **layout**.

If the **Virtual Gift Card Purchase** option doesn't appear in POS PRO, adding a VGC is possible only by scanning or searching the corresponding item in the catalog.

##### Configuring VGC display on Sale Complete

To allow the display of VGC details in the **Sale Complete** area of POS PRO, in CHQ under `settings > sales > sales documents >` the `general` section, select the **display virtual gift card details after finalize receipt** checkbox.

#### Selling a Virtual Gift Card

To sell a VGC in POS PRO, do the following:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **New Sale**.

2. In the **Sales Receipt** area, add the VGC by doing one of the following:

    - at the top-right {{% inum "1" %}} or in the **More** menu {{% inum "2" %}} (depending on your custom settings), tap **VGC Purchase**
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_6.jpg" width="700px"%}}
    - via the **Item Search** field, search for the required VGC

3. In the **Virtual Gift Card** dialog that opens, define the following fields:

    - **Amount**: the value of the VGC
    - **This is a gift**: the switch indicating that the giftee is to receive the VGC. When enabled, the **GIFTEE INFO**, **SEND DATE**, and **GIFT MESSAGE** sections become available 
    - **Giftee Email** and **Full Name**: the email address and full name of the person receiving the VGC
    - **Buyer Email** and **Full Name**: the email address and full name of the person buying the VGC. If the **This is a gift** switch is turned off, the email with the VGC is sent to the buyer's email address. If both **Buyer Email** and **Giftee Email** are defined, the VGC is sent to the giftee, and a confirmation of the VGC delivery is sent to the buyer's email
    - **Send Date / Time**: the date and time when the VGC is to be sent. When `Immediate` is selected, the email is sent on sale finalization
    - **GIFT MESSAGE**: addiitonal text message that the giftee will see in the email 

Then, tap **Done** in the upper right corner.

4. Back in the **Sales Receipt** area, added VGCs display under the **GIFT CARD(S)** section:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_7.jpg" width="700px"%}}
To edit or remove the VGC, swipe the card left and then select **Edit** or **Remove** respectively.   
Tapping **Edit** opens the **[item name] - edit** dialog where it's possible to review the VGC details.

5. Tap **FINALIZE** at the bottom-right.
In the **Sale Complete** area, if configured in CHQ, purchased Gift Cards appear on the left:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_9.jpg" width="700px"%}}
If item tags are to be reprogrammed on sale finalization, it's required to tap the **Virtual Gift Cards** tab at the top to review sold VGCs:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_10.png" width="700px"%}}
 {{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that if a Sales Receipt includes a VGC, it's NOT possible to:
- void/reverse the receipt
- make a Verified Return against the receipt
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.35 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.35_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Transferring balance between Teamwork Gift Cards 

`Build 6.35.75: PRO-7346`

In POS PRO, it is now possible to transfer balance from one native Teamwork Gift Card (GC) to another. 

#### Purpose

Transferring GC balance may be useful if, for example, the customer wants to consolidate the values of several GCs into one GC. 

The new functionality allows to check the balance of both source and target GCs before transferring.  
If the target GC is new, after transferring, the expiration date and grace period of the source GC is applied to the target GC.

Please note that balance transfer is not permitted when:

- the source and target GCs belong to different fiscal zones
- for the target GC, the **no transfer** checkbox is selected in CHQ (`sales > gift cards > [selected gift card] > general`)
- for the target GC, the **no recharge** checkbox is selected in CHQ (`sales > gift cards > [selected gift card] > general`), and the GC balance is not zero 
- either the source or target GC has the expiration date defined, and the target GC is not a new GC
- either the source or target GC is expired or deactivated

#### Configuration in CHQ

To make the **Gift Card Transfer** option available in the **Sales Receipt** area of POS PRO, in CHQ under `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer > Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Sales Receipt > Receipt Options`, make sure that **Gift Card Transfer** is placed under **layout**.

#### Transferring GC balance

To transfer balance from one Teamwork GC to another, in POS PRO:

1. On the **Home Screen** tap, **New Sale**.

2. In the **Sales Receipt** area that opens, tap **Gift Card Transfer**. Depending on your custom settings, the **Gift Card Transfer** option may be located at the top of the right-side panel {{% inum "1" %}} or in the **More** menu {{% inum "2" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_11.jpg" width="700px"%}}

2. On the **From Card** tab of the **Gift Card Transfer** dialog that opens, search for the GC from which balance is to be transferred.  
To do so, tap the **barcode** icon {{% inum "1" %}} to scan the GC or manually enter the GC number in the search field {{% inum "2" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_12.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Once the GC is found, the following GC details will appear in the dialog:

    - **Gift Card #**: masked GC number
    - **Balance**: current balance on the GC
    - **Expiration Date**: expiration date of the GC including grace period
3. Tap the **To Card** dialog at the top.

4. On the **To Card** tab, search for the GC to which balance is to be transferred. To do so, tap the **barcode** icon to scan the GC or manually enter the GC number in the search field. 
{{% notice note %}}
Depending on your custom settings, on the **To Card** tab, the user may be able to:

- add only a pre-existing (registered in the database) Gift Card, or
- add a new Gift Card 

To define if the user can add a new Gift Card, in CHQ under `settings > company settings > credit & reward platform > fiscal zones > [selected fiscal zone] > gift cards`, configure the **sell only registered gift cards** checkbox.
{{% /notice %}}
Once the GC is found, the GC details display in the dialog, and the **Transfer** button becomes enabled.

5. Tap **Transfer** in the upper right corner:
{{% gimg src="V6.35 Mob Rel Guide/6.35_posrelguide_13.png" width="450px"%}}  
When transferring is finished, the **Transfer Complete** dialog appears. Tap **Okay** to return to the **Sales Receipt** area.  
Alternatively, if transfer wasn't completed, the **Transfer Failed** dialog appears showing the error reason.

#### See also

- [V6.35 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.35_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Fixed visual bugs in the Customers area of POS PRO

`Build 6.35.75: PRO-6390`

We've fixed several visual bugs found in POS PRO under `Customers > New Customer` and `Customers > [selected customer]`, such as:

- misaligned text labels
- missing placeholder texts in empty fields
- incorrect text label color
- incorrect background color
- redundant white space around editable fields

## Issue Resolutions

### Incorrect progress message when opening the cash drawer

`Build 6.35.75: DS-2476`

Prior to version 6.35, when tapping **Open Cash Drawer** in POS PRO, the incorrect `Cash Drawer opening wait...` progress message would display. 

The issue has been fixed. Now, the `Opening cash drawer...` message appears as expected.

### Italy fiscal compliance: Receipt printing fails when a 100% global discount is applied

`Build 6.35.75: DS-2545`

**Issue**

When working in conjunction with the RT fiscal device, receipt printing would fail with the **Fiscal Printer Error** message under the following conditions:

- more than two items were added to the **Cart**
- a 100% global discount was applied to the sale 

**Resolution**

The issue has been fixed. Now, under the conditions described above, the receipt can be successfully printed.