---
title: "Version 6.36"
date: 2021-11-10T14:44:36+02:00
draft: false
weight: 95
---
## Feature Descriptions

### Sales Receipt: Customer-centric application of promotions

`Build 6.36.35: PRO-7556`

Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite now allows for setting customer-based rules of promo application. 

#### Purpose

Prior to version 6.36.35, automatic application of promotions in POS PRO was based exclusively on the items added to the Cart.  
Now, promos can be applied based on customer properties.  

For example, if there is a promo configured for application around a customer's birthday period, and the customer is making a purchase within the configured period, that promo is automatically applied to the sale in POS PRO.

#### Configuration in CHQ 

In CHQ, customer-based settings for promo application are available under `sales > promotion engine > [selected promotion engine] > options >` the `customer` section.

#### Customer-based promo settings respected in POS PRO

In POS PRO, the following customer settings are now functional when applying promotions in the **Sales Receipt** area:

- **allow during birthday period only**: allows for setting a time period around the customer's date of birth when the promo should be applied
- **restrict to customer creation date**: specifies the promo for customers whose records were created within a particular period. This allows retailers to give customers a promo on their anniversary of becoming a member
- **loyalty opt-ins only**: restricts the promo to customer records that have the **LOYALTY PROGRAM OPT-IN** field set to `Yes`. This allows the retailer to reward customers who elect to participate in the retailer's loyalty program
- **restrict customer postal codes**: restricts the promo to customers with certain postal codes. This allows retailers to provide region-specific promotions for local events, holidays, or other specific market reasons
- **allow for employee only**: allows for specifying the promo for the company's employees
- **restrict by customer attributes**: allows for specifying the promo to customers tagged with specific attributes

#### See also

[V6.36 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.36_chq_relguide/)

### Sales Receipt: Automatically sending Virtual Gift Cards to the buyer

`Build 6.36.35: PRO-8066`

Starting from version 6.36.35, POS PRO may be configured to always send the purchased Virtual Gift Card (VGC) to the buyer's email address.  
Additionally, as a part of this update, we've changed some of the section and field labels in the **Virtual Gift Card** dialog.

#### Purpose

Prior to version 6.36.35, the buyer of the VGC could provide the email address of an unregistered customer (giftee) for the VGC to be sent to the latter.

This update allows the retailer to ensure GDPR compliance by restricting the capability to record an unregistered email addresses on a sale. If adding an unregistered email address is restricted, the buyer of the VGC must be added as the customer to the sale, and the VGC is automatically sent to the buyer's email address. 

#### Configuration in CHQ
<a name="configuration-in-chq"></a>
To restrict sending purchased VGCs to unregistered customers, in CHQ under `settings > company settings > countries / regions > [selected country] > general` > the `gift card defaults` section, select the **require customer on receipt for emailing options** checkbox and then click **save**. 

#### Updated text labels in the Virtual Gift Card dialog

We've updated the following section and field labels in the **Virtual Gift Card** dialog:
{{% notice info %}}
To open the **Virtual Gift Card** dialog, in the **Sales Receipt** area of POS PRO:
- tap the **More** menu at the top-right and then tap **VGC Purchase**, or
- via the **Item Search** field, find the required VGC
{{% /notice %}}
- the **GIFTEE INFO** section has been renamed to **SEND VIRTUAl GIFT CARD TO**
    - the **Giftee Email** field has been renamed to **EMAIL**
- the **BUYER INFO** section has been renamed to **SEND NOTIFICATION TO**
    - the **Buyer Email** field has been renamed to **EMAIL**

#### Automatically sending the VGC to the buyer

If the **require customer on receipt for emailing options** setting is enabled in CHQ (see [Configuration in CHQ](#configuration-in-chq)), the following changes take place in POS PRO:

1. To sell a VGC, under `Sales Receipt > Customer`, the user is required to add a customer record with populated **Primary Email**. If no customer is added, and the user adds a VGC to the Cart or taps **VGC Purchase**, the **Customer is Required** error message appears

2. In the **Virtual Gift Card** dialog, below **Amount**, only the **SEND VIRTUAL GIFT CARD TO** section appears {{% inum "1" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_2.png" width="450px"%}}
The **EMAIL** and **FULL NAME** fields are read-only and automatically filled out with the name and primary email of the customer added to the sale. 

3. Under `Sales Receipt > Payment`, when a customer is added to the sale, the **EMAIL** field {{% inum "2" %}} is automatically filled out with the customer's primary email address:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_3.png" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
Please note that, even though the email address is automatically filled out, emailing the Sales Receipt is not a requirement. The user may leave the **EMAIL** option unselected.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.36 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.36_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Sales Receipt: Checking the balance of a Teamwork Gift Card in the Payments area

`Build 6.36.35: PRO-7841`

In POS PRO, it is now possible to check the balance of a native Teamwork Gift Card (GC) from the `Sales Receipt > Payments` area.

#### Purpose

Prior to version 6.36.35, checking GC balance was possible only from the **Sales Receipt** area before the user proceeded to payments.  
Now, customers can request a balance check right before deciding which payment method to use. 

#### Configuration in CHQ

For GC balance check to be available in POS PRO, a payment method with **type** = `check balance` must be set up in CHQ under `settings > sales > payment methods`. 

Additionally, that payment method must be marked as **visible** for your store location.  
To check that, under **payment methods**, click **[your check balance method]** in the list and then click **location settings** at the top. Make sure that the **visible** checkbox is selected for your location.

#### Checking GC balance in the Payments area

To check the balance of a Teamwork GC under `Sales Receipt > Payment`:
1. In the list of payments on the right, tap **[your Check GC Balance payment method]**:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_7.png" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
The **[Check GC Balance]** payment method is used for informational purposes only. Scanning or entering the number of a gift card does NOT charge the latter.
{{% /notice %}}
2. In the **Gift Card Balance** dialog that opens, search for the required GC by:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_8.jpg" width="700px"%}}
    - tapping the **barcode** icon {{% inum "1" %}} and scanning the GC, or
    - entering the full GC number in the **Gift Card Search** field {{% inum "2" %}} 

Once found, the information about the GC appears in the dialog.

3. When finished reviewing, tap **Close** in the upper left corner to return to the **Payments** area. 

#### See also

- [V6.36 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.36_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Preventing Gift Card payments when selling a Gift Card

`Build 6.36.35: PRO-8227`

In POS PRO, we've made updates to prevent the user from taking a Gift Card payment when the customer is buying a Gift Card.
Please be advised that this update is applicable to all Gift Card types used in POS PRO. 

This feature aims to prevent situations when a customer may try to extend the expiration date of a Gift Card by paying for a new Gift Card with the old one.

Now, when there is a Gift Card added for purchase under `Sales Receipt > Cart`, and in the **Payments** area the user taps a Gift Card payment method, the **Gift Card Payment Not Permitted** error message comes up. 

### Customers: Secure custom fields

`Build 6.36.35: PRO-6392`

In Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite, it's now possible to configure custom fields in customer records to be "secure".  
Secure fields can be edited only by users who are granted the **Customers – Edit secure customer fields** right.
{{% notice info %}}
In CHQ, to mark a custom field as secure, under `settings > customer > custom fields > customer > [selected field]`, select the **secure** checkbox and then click **save**.
{{% /notice %}}
In POS PRO, secure fields display with the **lock** icon {{% inum "1" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_1.png" width="450px"%}}
If the user doesn't have the appropriate security right, the field is not editable. Additionally, tapping the lock icon shows the following message: `Requires security rights to edit`.

Secure fields can be configured for the following areas of POS PRO:

- `Customers > New Customer`
- `Customers > New Customer > Edit Full Form`
- `Customers > [selected customer]`

### Discarding a sale with an approved credit card or gift card payment

`Build 6.36.35: PRO-7917`

In POS PRO, users with the appropriate security right can now discard a sale with an approved credit card or gift card payment. 

#### Purpose

This update aims at improving user experience when a sale must be discarded.

Prior to version 6.36.35, if the user was unable to void an approved payment in POS PRO, to discard the sale, the POS PRO app had to be shut down and restarted.  

Now, POS PRO allows for discarding a sale with an approved payment if the user is granted the **Sales – Discard receipt with payment** security right.

#### Discarding a sale in the Payments area

To discard a sale with an approved payment, under `Sales Receipt > Payments`:

1. Tap **Discard Sale** in the upper right corner. On tapping, the **Discard Not Allowed** dialog appears:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_4.png" width="250px"%}}
2. Tap **Manager Override**.  
    - If the user doesn't have the **Sales – Discard receipt with payment** security right, tapping **Manager Override** opens the login dialog. In the login dialog, it's required to enter the credentials of the user who is granted the appropriate security right. 
3. In the **Discard Sale with Approved Payment?** dialog that opens, tap **Yes**:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_5.png" width="250px"%}}
Tapping **Yes** discards the sale.
{{% notice warning %}}
Please be advised that discarding the sale does not void the payment. The payment must be voided manually at the payment processor side.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.36 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.36_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Custom URL links on the Home Screen

`Build 6.36.35: PRO-6393`

We've added the capability to add custom URL links to the Home Screen of POS PRO.  
This update allows for quick access to external sources from within the POS PRO app, for example, to a webpage with software documentation or training materials.

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, to configure URL links for display on POS Home Screen, go to `settings > sales > POS settings >` the `device main custom buttons` section.

Please note that, for example, for link 1:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_8.png" width="700px"%}}
- the URL must be specified in the **button 1 URL** field {{% inum "1" %}}, and
- the link label (how the link is named) must be specified in the **button 1 label** field {{% inum "2" %}}

#### Opening custom links

On the Home Screen of POS PRO, custom links appear as buttons beneath the greeting message:
{{% gimg src="V6.36 Mob Rel Guide/6.36_posrelguide_6.png" width="700px"%}}
Tapping a button opens the respective URL in the default browser of your device.

#### See also

- [V6.36 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.36_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Shipments: Sales Order numbers on ShippyPro return shipping labels

`Build 6.36.35: PRO-6505`

ShippyPro return shipping labels generated under `Shipments > Outgoing > [selected Ship Memo] > Shipment` now include the number of the Sales Order associated with the shipment.  

This update helps speed up return processing when the package arrives at a return company location.

#### See also

[Finalizing Ship Memos with ShippyPro integrated](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/shipments/finalizing_sm_shippypro/)

## Issue Resolutions

### Virtual Gift Card balance doubled after the purchase

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2658`

We've fixed the issue where the balance of a purchased Virtual Gift Card could double after the sale had been finalized.

### ShippyPro labels not printed on Ship Memo finalization

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2607`

We've fixed the issue where the ShippyPro shipping and return labels would fail to print on Ship Memo finalization. 

### Unable to hold a Sales Receipt with added Virtual Gift Card 

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2662`

Prior to version 6.35.36, it was sometimes impossible to put on hold a Sales Receipt that had a Virtual Gift Card (VGC) added to the Cart. 

The issue has been fixed. Now, it is possible to hold a Sales Receipt with a VGC added, as expected.

### Change of the customer's email address is not reflected in the Payments area

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2520`

**Issue**

If under `Sales Receipt > Customer` the user added a customer record and then edited the customer's email address, that change wasn't reflected under `Sales Receipt > Payments`.

**Resolution**

Now, as expected, if the customer's email address is changed in the `Sales Receipt > Customer` area, the new email address appears in the **Payments** area.

### Verified Return: Credit card refund is not available for shipped items

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2615`

**Issue**

When making a Verified Return against a Sales Receipt that contained shipped items and was paid with a credit card, the **Return Value to Credit Card** option was not available.

**Resolution**

The issue has been fixed. Now, if the original Receipt is paid with a credit card, the option to return money to the credit card is available as expected.

### Country-based settings fail to apply to sold Virtual Gift Cards

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2661`

Prior to version 6.36.35, country-based settings – for example, expiration date – would fail to apply to sold Virtual Gift Cards (VGCs) even if in CHQ, the **use country/region based gift card defaults** checkbox was selected for the country of the respective VGC.  

Additionally, the **Country** field on the VGC would be empty.

The issue has been fixed. Now, under the conditions described above, country-based settings are successfully applied to sold VGCs.

### Credit Memo balance doesn't change after making a Credit Memo payment

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2688`

We've fixed the issue where taking a Credit Memo payment sometimes didn't deduct from the Credit Memo's balance. 

### Drawer Memo: Date/time values duplicated

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2655`

Prior to version 6.36.35, the date and time fields would display their values twice in the **Drawer Memo** and `Drawer Memo > Start of Day` areas of POS PRO when the device was initialized at a location with **country** = `France`. 

The issue has been fixed. Now, date and time fields display their values once as expected. 

### Drawer Memo: Incorrect text message in the Midday Count area

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2554`

**Issue**

Under `Drawer Memo > Midday Count`, when no midday counts were added, `Records = 0 (zero)` would display instead of `No midday counts found`. 

**Resolution**

The issue has been fixed. Now, the `No midday counts found` message appears as expected.

### Unable to set the closing time of Drawer Memos

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2660`

Prior to version 6.36.35, it was sometimes impossible to change the time when Drawer Memos in POS PRO were to close automatically. 

The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, active Drawer Memos close automatically at the time set under `chq > settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [selected location] > general settings` in the **business day start time** field.

### Sales Receipt: Incorrect display of the RFID icon

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2546`

**Issue**

In the **Sales Receipt** area, the color of the **RFID** icon would incorrectly change to green indicating the "online" status under the following conditions:

- the connected RFID reader was offline
- an item was added to the Cart via the **Item Search** field

**Resolution**

Now, under the conditions described above, the **RFID** icon remains red (indicating "offline") as expected. 

### Customer attributes not synchronizing

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2728`

We've fixed the issue where changes in a customer's attributes made in CHQ didn't synchronize properly with the respective customer record in POS PRO. 

### Swedish fiscal compliance: Unable to finalize a Verified Return

`Build 6.36.35: DS-2683`

We've fixed the issue where, when integrated with INFRASEC CCU, trying to finalize a Verified Return would sometimes lead to the **Unable to Finalize Sale** error.

### Date and time not changing on Home Screen

`Build 6.36.40: DS-2736`

We've fixed the issue where, on the Home Screen of POS PRO, the date and time wouldn't update continually as expected. 

### The printed Sales Receipt doesn't include Gift Card expiration date

`Build 6.36.40: DS-2751`

**Issue**

When selling a Gift Card (GC) in POS PRO, the expiration date of the GC failed to appear on the printed Sales Receipt.

That happened when the GC was created in CHQ prior to the purchase with the following properties:

- balance = `0`
- no expiration date

**Resolution**

Now, as expected, when a pre-registered GC is being purchased in POS PRO, the country-level expiration policy is applied to the GC based on the location of the purchase. Respectively, the applied expiration date appears on the printed Sales Receipt. 

### Sales Receipt: Incorrect promo application

`Build 6.36.42: DS-2727`

Prior to version 6.36.42, the **restricted memberships** and **eligible membership levels** settings available under `chq > sales > promotion engine > [selected promotion] > options` were sometimes ignored when applying a promotion in POS PRO.

In particular, the promo was applied even when the customer's membership level didn't match the **eligible membership levels** setting.

The issue has been fixed. Now, if the customer's membership level isn't eligible for the promotion, the promo isn't applied.

### Sales Receipt: Promo removed when a customer is added

`Build 6.36.42: DS-2743`

We've fixed the issue where applied promotions would be incorrectly removed from the sale once the user added a customer that had a membership level other than `basic`. 

### Incorrect sync status shown in POS PRO

`Build 6.36.49: DS-2888`

Prior to version 6.36.49, when trying to manually synchronize POS PRO under `Settings > Synchronize`, the progress bar would stop at `0%` even if synchronization was successfully completed. Additionally, in the respective device record in CHQ, the `Fiscal receipt already exist` error message would display.

The issue has been fixed. Now, the progress bar properly reflects the sync status, and no errors appear in CHQ. 

### Synchronization failed with the "Request has expired" error 

`Build 6.36.49: DS-2905`

We've fixed the issue where manual synchronization of POS PRO could occasionally fail with the `Request has expired` error in the respective device record in CHQ. 

### Unable to open a Transfer In 

`Build 6.36.49: DS-2887`

We've fixed the issue where users sometimes got the `CHQ Unavailable` error message when trying to open a Transfer In under `Shipments > Incoming`.

### Extra tax record created in case of a partial Verified Return

`Build 6.36.51: DS-3029`

Prior to version 6.36.51, when a partial Verified Return was made against a Sales Receipt (for example, one item unit was returned out of the two sold), an additional tax record could be incorrectly created at the backend. The issue occurred at company locations subject to VAT.

The issue has been fixed. Now, when a partial return is made, the number of created tax records matches the number of returned item units.
