---
title: "Version 6.37"
date: 2021-11-29T11:46:50+02:00
draft: false
weight: 94
---
## Feature Descriptions

### Sales Receipt: Defining the purpose of a discount

`Build 6.37.52: PRO-6619`

When applying a discount to a sale item in POS PRO, it's now possible to add a note explaining the purpose or reason for discount application.  
This feature may be useful for employee accountability as well as reporting purposes.

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, it's possible to configure if the **DISCOUNT PURPOSE** field in POS PRO should be required, optional, or not visible for a specific discount. By default, the field is not visible.

To configure, under `chq > settings > sales > discount reasons > [selected discount reason] > general`, define the **require purpose text** field.

#### Defining a discount purpose

In POS PRO, adding a discount purpose is possible when applying a discount to a single or multiple sale items. 

Respectively, configuring the discount purpose is available in the following areas:

- `Sales Receipt > [item name] - edit dialog`
- `Sales Receipt > Edit Many`

##### Discount purpose for a single item

To add a purpose when applying a discount to a single item:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **New Sale**.

2. In the **Sales Receipt** area, add a sale item.

3. On the **Cart** tab, tap the the required item.

4. In the area that opens, tap **Discounts** {{% inum "1" %}} and then **Manual** {{% inum "2" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_1.jpg" width="700px"%}}

5. In the **ADD DISCOUNT** section, tap **ADD** next to the required discount. On tapping, the **[discount name]** dialog opens.

6. In the **[discount name]** dialog, fill out the **DISCOUNT PURPOSE** field {{% inum "3" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_2.png" width="350px"%}}
It's possible to enter from one to 128 characters. 

7. Tap **Save** in the upper right corner. 

If the discount purpose is required, the **Save** button is available when at least one character is present in the **DISCOUNT PURPOSE** field. If the discount purpose is optional, the **Save** button is available even if the **DISCOUNT PURPOSE** field is empty.

##### Discount purpose for multiple items

To add a purpose when applying a discount to multiple items:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **New Sale**.

2. In the **Sales Receipt** area, add sale items.

3. Tap **Edit Many** at the bottom.

4. In the **Edit Many** area, tap the items that should be discounted.

5. In the right-side panel, under **REASON**, tap **Select** {{% inum "1" %}} and then choose the required discount:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_5.jpg" width="700px"%}} 
After a discount is selected, the **Discount Purpose** dialog opens automatically.

6. Fill out the **DISCOUNT PURPOSE** field {{% inum "2" %}} and then tap **Save** {{% inum "3" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_3.png" width="400px"%}}
Back in the **Edit Many** area, the defined purpose will appear in the **REASON** field {{% inum "4" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_4.png" width="700px"%}}
Please note that, before the discount is applied, it's possible to edit the text of the purpose by tapping **Edit**.

7. Tap **Apply** or **Apply & Close**.

#### See also

- [V6.37 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.37_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Sales Receipt: Defining the purpose of a return

`Build 6.37.52: PRO-6621`

When accepting a return in POS PRO, users can now add a note explaining the purpose or reason of the return.  
This feature may help ensure employee accountability as well as be useful for reporting purposes. 

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, it's possible to configure if the **RETURN PURPOSE** field in POS PRO should be required, optional, or not visible for a specific return reason. By default, the field is not visible.

To configure, under `chq > settings > sales > return reasons > [selected return reason]`, define the **require purpose text** field.

#### Defining a return purpose

In POS PRO, adding a return purpose is available for both Open and Verified Returns.

Respectively, it's possible to do so in the following areas of POS PRO:

- `Sales Receipt > [item name] - edit dialog > Return`
- `Sales Receipts > Sales History > Return`

##### Return purpose for an Open Return

To add a purpose for an Open Return, in POS PRO:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **New Sale**.

2. In the **Sales Receipt** area, add the item that the customer is returning.

3. Swipe the required item left and then tap **Open Return**.

4. In the **[item name] - edit** dialog that opens, define the **Return Reason** field:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_6.jpg" width="700px"%}}  
After a return reason is selected, the **Return Purpose** dialog opens automatically.

5. Define the **RETURN PURPOSE** field {{% inum "1" %}} and then tap **Save** in the upper right corner {{% inum "2" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_7.png" width="400px"%}}  

##### Return purpose for a Verified Return

To add a purpose for a Verified Return:

1. On the **Home Screen**, tap **New Sale**.

2. Tap **Find Receipt** at the top of the right-side panel {{% inum "1" %}} or in the fly-out menu {{% inum "2" %}}: 
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_9.jpg" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice info %}}
Starting a Verified Return is also possible from:

- `Customers > [selected customer] > Purchase History`
- `Sales Receipt > Sales History`
- `Sales Receipt > Device History`
{{% /notice %}}
3. In the **Find Receipt** area, find the original receipt by scanning or using the **Search** field.

4. In the **Return** area that opens, tap the item that the customer is returning.

5. Tap the required return reason:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_10.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Once a reason is selected, the **Return Purpose** dialog appears.  
The **Return Purpose** dialog also appears if a reason is selected in the **RETURN ALL** field.

6. Define the **RETURN PURPOSE** field {{% inum "3" %}} and then tap **Save** {{% inum "4" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.37 Mob Rel Guide/6.37_posrelguide_8.png" width="400px"%}}

#### See also

- [V6.37 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.37_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### European fiscal compliance: Sweden

`Build 6.37.52: PRO-5972`

Testing of the [fiscalization-related functionality for Sweden](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.35_mobile_rel_guide/#european-fiscal-compliance-sweden) has been completed.

#### See also

- [V6.35 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.35_mobile_rel_guide/)
- [V6.35 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.35_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)
- [Onboarding Guide: Swedish Fiscal Integration with INFRASEC Services](https://teamworkclients.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Prodint/pages/3374972945/Documentation+on+Fiscalization+Functionality) on Teamwork Confluence

### Applying coupons in POS PRO

`Build 6.37.52: PRO-5100`

Testing of the [coupons functionality](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.35_mobile_rel_guide/#applying-coupons-in-pos-pro) has been completed. 

#### See also

- [V6.35 Mobile Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.35_mobile_rel_guide/)
- [V6.35 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.35_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Support of iOS 15 

`Build 6.37.52: PRO-7777`

We've added support of iOS 15 for versions 6.3x of the POS PRO app. 

## Issue Resolutions

### Drawer Memo: Unable to void Take In and Take Out records

`Build 6.37.52: DS-2746`

We've fixed the issue where, under `Drawer Memo > Take Out/In History`, it was impossible to void a Take In or Take Out record. 

### Drawer Memo: A Take In reason is required to open a Take Out record

`Build 6.37.52: DS-2747`

Prior to version 6.37.52, when trying to open an existing Take Out record under `Drawer Memo > Take Out/In History`, the `No take in reasons defined on CHQ` error message could come up. 

The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, a Take In reason is not required to open a Take Out record.

### Drawer Memo: A Take In reason is required to open a Move to Drawer or Move to Safe record

`Build 6.37.52: DS-2756`

Prior to version 6.37.52, when trying to open an existing Move to Safe or Move to Drawer record under `Drawer Memo > Cash Movement History`, the `No take in reasons defined on CHQ` error message could come up.

The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, a Take In reason is not required to open a Move to Safe or Move to Drawer record.

### Drawer Memo: Tapping Clear Counts does not remove the Over/Short value

`Build 6.37.52: DS-2752`

**Issue**

Under `Drawer Memo > End of Day > Closing Count`, tapping **Clear Counts** did not clear the value in the **Over/Short** field. 

**Resolution**

Now, as expected, tapping **Clear Counts** removes all defined values on the tab, including the **Over/Short** value.

### Payments made with Clover Mini cannot be synced with CHQ

`Build 6.37.57: DS-2906`

Prior to version 6.37.57, after taking payments with a connected Clover Mini terminal, users sometimes couldn't perform manual synchronization of POS. In particular, during the sync process, credit card payments made via the Clover terminal failed to post to CHQ. 

The issue has been fixed. Now, payments made via Clover are successfully sent to CHQ, and POS synchronization completes without errors. 