---
title: "Version 6.41"
date: 2022-07-05T12:05:22+03:00
draft: false
weight: 90
---
[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/POS%20PRO%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.41.pdf)

## Feature Descriptions

### Review Orders

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-10533`

We've added a new type of document to Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite – Review Order (RVO). 

#### Purpose

A Review Order is a potential sale where items are sent to the customer for review (for example, to try on clothes at home). While the customer reviews the items, the latter remain on hand in the inventory but are taken out from available-to-sell (ATS).When the customer is finished with reviewing, they can pay for items that they wish to buy and return the rest.

The new workflow introduced by Teamwork includes the following stages of processing an RVO:

1. **Creating a new RVO**. At this stage, review items and a customer are added to the Order. A new RVO is always created in the `On Hold` status and can remain on hold until the RVO is ready for shipping.

2. **Releasing the RVO**. When the RVO is released, the items are shipped to the customer. The RVO in the `Released` status cannot be edited (except for discarding the Order and taking deposits).  

    - At the time of the release, there's an option to take a deposit. If the option is selected, a linked Sales Receipt is created with a Credit Memo that holds the deposit funds. The user takes the deposit payment and finalizes the Sales Receipt.  
    At the time of converting the RVO into a sale, the deposit can be applied as the final payment or refunded.

3. **Converting the RVO into a Sales Receipt**. When the customer is ready to make the final decision, the user opens the existing RVO and selects the items that the customer wants to buy. After that, the RVO is automatically converted to a Sales Receipt with all the details (fees, discounts, promos, etc.) from the RVO applied.  
If a deposit was taken, it is applied to the Receipt total. The user then accepts payment for the remaining Payment Due and finalizes the sale, which sets the RVO to the `Sale Complete` status.  
If the customer returns all items, the RVO can be simply discarded. Returned items are added back to the `available to sell` inventory quantity and logged at the database level for reporting purposes.

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, under `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer`, the following must be configured:

- under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Sales Receipt > Receipt Options`, **New Review Order** must be placed under **layout**. This allows for selecting the **New Review Order** option in the **Sales Receipt** area of POS PRO
- under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Sales Receipt (History) Tabs`, **Review** must be placed under **layout**. This adds the **Review** tab to the **Sales Receipts** area in POS PRO where it's possible to view existing Review Orders. Additionally, under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Sales Receipt > Review List`, it's possible to define the layout of the **Review** tab

Additionally, under `settings > sales > sales documents >` the `review orders` section, the following can be configured:

- **default number of days to return**: the number of days that the items can be in review. This value is used to calculate the return date of the RVO in POS
- **default return time**: default return time for RVOs
- **credit memo item for deposits**: credit memo service item from the catalog that is used for issuing a deposit Credit Memo in the RVO. This setting is **required** for the deposit feature to be available in POS PRO

For details on CHQ configuration, refer to [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/).

#### Creating a Review Order

This section describes how to create and release a Review Order with adding a deposit.

1. On the Home Screen, tap **NEW SALE**.

2. Tap **New Review Order**. Depending on your custom settings, the button can be located at the top of the right-side panel {{% inum "A" %}} or in the **More** menu {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_13.jpg" width="700px"%}}
On tapping, the **Review Order** area opens. In the area, the **Info**, **Customer**, and **Cart** tabs are available:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_17.jpg" width="700px"%}}
3. On the **Info** tab, it's possible to change the return date and time of the RVO. To do so, tap the value in the **Return by** field:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_14.jpg" width="700px"%}}
The return date can't be set to a day prior to the day of the RVO creation.
{{% notice info %}}
The default return date and time are calculated based on the **default number of days to return** and **default return time** settings available in CHQ under `settings > sales > sales documents >` the `review orders` section.
{{% /notice %}}
Additionally, on the **Info** tab, it's possible to add **NOTES** to the order.

4. On the **Customer** tab, add a customer record by doing one of the following:

    - to search manually, use the **Customer Search** field
    - to scan the customer's member code, tap **Scan with Camera**
    - to create and add a new customer, tap **New Customer**

**NOTE**: Adding a customer is **required** for completing a Review Order. If the user tries to **Release** or **Hold** an RVO without a customer, the **Customer Required** error message appears.

5. On the **Cart** tab, add items by doing one of the following:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_15.jpg" width="700px"%}}
    - to scan an item with the device camera, tap **Scan**{{% inum "A" %}} next to the **Item Search** field
    - scan the item with the connected RFID reader
    - to search manually, use the **Item Search** field

Note that taxes, fees, discounts, and promotions are applied to items in the same way as they would be in a Sales Receipt.

To remove or edit an added item, swipe the item row left and then tap the required option ({{% inum "B" %}} in the screenshot above).

{{% notice note %}}
It's not possible to do the following in a Review Order:

- issue Gift Cards and Credit Memos
- ship items to customer
- perform returns
- apply coupons
{{% /notice %}}

6. Once a customer and at least one item are added to the RVO, the order can be released. Tap **RELEASE** at the bottom-right.

To save the order without releasing, tap **Hold** at the top-right. Placing an RVO on hold allows for making changes to it (adding and removing items, changing the customer, etc.) at a later time.  
Alternatively, to discard the order, tap **Discard** at the top of the right-side panel.


7. In the **Take Deposit** dialog that opens, accept a deposit for the order by doing the following:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_18.jpg" width="350px"%}}
    - define the **Deposit Percent** or **Deposit Amount** field {{% inum "A" %}}  
{{% notice info %}}
Making a change in the **Deposit Percent** field automatically updates the **Deposit Amount** field and vice versa.  
Please be advised that user cannot enter a **Deposit Percent** value greater than `100.00%`. However, it's possible to accept a **Deposit Amount** that will result in a percentage greater than `100.00`. If such an amount is entered, in the **Deposit Percent** field, three dashes display.  
If a deposit greater than the order total is taken, the difference can be refunded or used for another transaction at a later time.
{{% /notice %}}
    - tap **Take Deposit** {{% inum "B" %}}

Alternatively, to skip taking deposit, tap **Skip Deposit**. 

8. On tapping **Take Deposit**, a new Sales Receipt with the deposit Credit Memo is opened:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_19.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Tap **PAY** at the bottom-right to accept the payment for the deposit and then finalize the transaction.
{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that removing the customer or the Credit Memo item from the Receipt detaches the payment from the RVO, meaning that the payment will not be recorded as the deposit.
{{% /notice %}}

9. In the **Sale Complete** area, in the print options dialog that appears, define the printing settings for the RVO and then tap **Print**.

#### Converting a Review Order to a Sales Receipt

This section describes how to sell items from a released Review Order.

1. On the Home Screen, tap **Sales Receipts**. Depending on your custom settings, the **Sales Receipts** button may be located in the navigation panel at the bottom or in the **More** menu.

2. In the **Sales Receipts** area, tap the **Review** tab:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_20.jpg" width="700px"%}}

3. On the tab, find and tap your RVO. 

4. In the **Review Order** area that opens, tap **SELECT ITEMS TO SELL** {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_21.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Please note that before selecting items, it's possible to **Take Deposit** for the order {{% inum "B" %}}. The number of deposits is not limited.

Additionally, it's possible to review all taken deposits by tapping the **Deposits** value {{% inum "C" %}}.
{{% notice tip %}}
If the customer is returning all items, it's possible to discard the RVO by tapping **Discard** at the top of the right-side panel. Note that discarding does NOT refund the deposit automatically.
{{% /notice %}}
5. After tapping **SELECT ITEMS TO SELL**, in the left side panel, check the items that the customer is buying:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_22.jpg" width="700px"%}}

6. Tap **SELL**.

7. In the **Sales Receipt** area that opens, make changes to the Sales Receipt as required. 

Please be advised that all actions applicable to regular Sales Receipt are available except for the following:

- removing the customer
- placing the Receipt on hold

When trying to do one of the above, the **Cannot Remove Customer** or **Hold Not Permitted** error messages display respectively.

8. Tap **PAY**.

9. Select a payment method and accept the payment.

Note that the deposit Credit Memo is automatically applied to the transaction total:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_23.jpg" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice info %}}
If the user removes the deposit Credit Memo to go back to the **Sales Receipt** area, on returning to the **Payment** area, the Credit Memo is added again automatically.  
Also, be advised that if there's balance remaining on the deposit Credit Memo after finalization, that balance can be applied to other transactions or refunded.
{{% /notice %}}

10. Tap **FINALIZE**. 

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Adding Credit Memo service item to Sales Receipt

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-8300`

We've introduced the capability to add a Credit Memo (CM) service item to the Sales Receipt. This update allows for issuing a CM that holds a deposit for a Review Order (see [Review Orders](http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#review-orders)). 

Additionally, as a part of this update, we've added:

- the display of CMs in the customer record
- capability to refund a CM via Verified Return functionality

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, a credit memo service item must be defined under `settings > sales > sales documents >` the `sales` section in the **credit memo item PLU (V6)** field. If the field is not defined, it's not possible to issue a CM in POS PRO. 

Additionally, under `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer`, the following can be configured:

- under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Sales Receipt > Receipt Options`, **Issue Credit Memo** can be added to **layout**. If added, the **Issue Credit Memo** option becomes available in the **Sales Receipt** area of POS PRO
- under `Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Customer > Customer Form`, **Credit Memos** section can be added to **layout**. Adding allows for the display of linked CMs in the customer record in POS PRO

#### Issuing a Credit Memo

To issue a CM to the customer, in POS PRO:

1. On the Home Screen, tap **NEW SALE**.

2. In the area that opens, on the **Customer** tab, add a customer.

2. Tap **Issue Credit Memo**. Depending on your custom settings, the button can be located at the top of the right-side panel {{% inum "A" %}} or in the **More** menu {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_13.jpg" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice tip %}}
Alternatively, in a new Sales Receipt, enter the CM's item PLU into the **Item Search** field to add the CM to the sale.
{{% /notice %}}
{{% notice note %}}
Issuing a CM is possible only if all of the following conditions are observed:

- there is an active credit memo item defined in CHQ under `settings > sales > sales documents >` the `sales` section in the **credit memo item PLU (V6)** field
- there is a Credit Memo payment method defined for the location
- the user has the **Sales – Issue Credit Memo in cart** security right
- a customer is added to the Sales Receipt
{{% /notice %}}

3. In the **Credit Memo** dialog that opens, define the CM value:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_24.jpg" width="400px"%}}

4. Tap **Done**.

5. In the **Sales Receipt** area that opens, the CM is added to the Cart under the **CHARGES** section:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_25.jpg" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice info %}}
Please be advised that the following is not applicable to Credit Memo items:

- transaction-level manual discounts
- transaction-level coupons
- promotions
- manual price level changes
- membership discounts

Additionally, CM items are not taxable.
{{% /notice %}}
Tap **PAY** at the bottom-right.

6. In the **Payment** area, accept the payment.

7. Finalize the transaction.

#### Credit Memos in the customer record

We've extended the customer record in POS PRO with the new **CREDIT MEMOS** section: 
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_26.jpg" width="700px"%}}
The new section shows the customer's CMs that:

- are active
- have positive balance
- belong to the same fiscal zone where the device is initialized

Expired CMs appear in the **CREDIT MEMOS** section with the `Expired: [date of expiration]` label. 

For each CM, the following information is available:

- **Credit Memo #**: CM number. Tapping the value allows for opening the dialog with additional information on the CM
- **Review Order**: the number of the associated Review Order. If the CM is not linked to a Review Order, this field is not visible
- **Balance**: current balance
- **Expires**: expiration date including grace period

{{% notice info %}}
The **CREDIT MEMOS** section described above is also available for display under `Sales Receipt > Customer` when a customer is added to the sale. The display of this section must be configured in CHQ under `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer`.
{{% /notice %}}

##### Credit Memo details

On tapping the CM number in the customer record, the **Credit Memo** dialog opens:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_27.jpg" width="400px"%}}
In the dialog, the following fields are available:

- **Memo #**: CM number
- **Balance**: current balance
- **Initial Amount**: CM balance when the Memo was issued
- **Expires**: expiration date
- **Review Order**: the number of the associated Review Order (RVO). Additionally, the status of the RVO displays: `Active` or `Archived`
- **Zone**: fiscal zone where the CM was issued

Additionally, the list of CM transactions is available with **DATE**, **AMOUNT**, and resulting **BALANCE** displayed. 

#### Credit Memo updates in the Payment area

Under `Sales Receipt > Payment`, if the customer added to the sale has linked CMs, the **folder** icon now displays over the Credit Memo payment method:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_28.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Note that the icon appears only if the CMs are:

- active
- have positive balance
- belong to the same fiscal zone where the device is initialized

Additionally, in the **Credit Memo** dialog that appears on tapping the CM payment method, the Review Order number {{% inum "A" %}} now appears next to CMs that hold a deposit for a Review Order:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_29.jpg" width="400px"%}}

#### Void/reverse and return of a Credit Memo

Voiding/reversing a Sales Receipt that had a CM added to Cart is not possible.

A CM can be refunded via the Verified Return process. Respectively, when opening the finalized Sales Receipt, in the **Return** area, the CM item is now available for selection. 
{{% notice info %}}
Note that the *current* and not the initial balance of the CM is refunded in case of Verified Return.
{{% /notice %}}
Additionally, a specific CM can be refunded from the customer's record. To do so, under `Customers > [your customer record]`, in the **CREDIT MEMOS** section, tap the number of the required CM.

In the dialog that opens, tap **Refund**:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_30.jpg" width="400px"%}}
Tapping **Refund** opens the Verified Return view for the receipt where the CM was sold. 

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Multi-shift Drawer Memo

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-7815`

For company locations that employ unique staff work schedules, we've added the capability to open and close several Drawer Memos (marked as "shifts") during the business day. 

"Shift" Drawer Memos are linked together into a sequence where cash balance is automatically transferred from one Memo to the next. At the end of the business day, transaction data and cash balance from each Memo in the sequence are carried over to the End of Day process.

#### Purpose

This feature is useful for companies where some employees may be assigned unique work schedules. In particular, this enhancement covers the case where a staff member may work a split shift, meaning that they have a non-working time period in between the working hours.

With this update, a staff member with such schedule has the capability to close the active Drawer Memo in POS for the non-working period by marking the closure as "end of shift" (the End of Day process is not required). When the employee's working hours are resumed, they open a new Drawer Memo by marking it as "start of shift" and linking the Memo to the first part of their shift. When the two parts of the shift are linked, drawer cash balance is automatically carried over, and the employee may continue ringing up sales without additional cash counting.

At the end of the business day, transaction details and cash balance from the linked Drawer Memos (parts of the shift) are automatically carried over to the End of Day process, ensuring that no sales data is lost.

This allows for accommodating employee's unique working schedules while ensuring both staff accountability and sales data integrity.

#### Configuration in CHQ

To enable multiple shifts for Drawer Memos in POS PRO, in CHQ under `settings > drawer management > drawer memo settings >` the `drawer memo` section, select the **enable multi-shift options**.

Additionally, under `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer > Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Drawer Memo`, add the **Shift** option to the layout of **Drawer Memo List** and **History List**. This allows for showing the shift number of a Drawer Memo in POS **Drawer Memo** and **Drawer Memo > History** areas respectively.

#### Finalizing a shift

Drawer Memos that have been marked as "end of shift" upon finalization can be linked to subsequent shifts. 

To finalize a shift:

1. On the Home Screen, in the right-side panel, tap **View** in the **DRAWER MEMO** section.

2. Tap **End of Shift / Day** at the bottom-right.

3. In the dialog that opens, in the **End of Day Type** field, select `Finalize Shift`:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_1.jpg" width="400px"%}}
4. Tap **Done**.

On tapping, the **DRAWER CASH – Closing Count** tab opens:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_2.jpg" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice info %}}
Note that at the top-left, shift number is available next to the **End of Day** label. The shift number is defined automatically based on whether the Drawer Memo was linked to another shift at the Start of Day.
{{% /notice %}}
On the **Closing Count** tab, the **End of Shift Amount** field shows the total cash amount in the drawer (not editable).

5. Tap **Next** at the bottom-right.

On the **Finalize** tab that opens, in the **Float (Leave in Drawer)** field, it's possible to review the drawer amount that will be carried over to the next shift (not editable):
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_4.jpg" width="700px"%}}

6. Tap **Finalize** at the bottom-right.

#### Starting a new shift

If the new Drawer Memo is marked as "start of shift" upon creation, that Memo can be linked to a previous shift. The cash balance from the previous shift is automatically carried over to the new shift. 

To start a new shift:

1. On the Home Screen, tap **Start new Drawer Memo**.

2. In the dialog that opens, in the **Start Drawer Memo For** field, select `New Shift`.

3. Under the **OPEN SHIFTS** section, select the previous shift from which you wish to continue:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_8.jpg" width="400px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
If the user doesn't have the **Drawer Memo – View/Edit drawer for another user** security right, in the **OPEN SHIFTS** section, only shifts finalized by that user will be available.
{{% /notice %}}
{{% notice info %}}
The **OPEN SHIFTS** section includes the DMs that were finalized as "end of shift" and created at the current location.   
Note that, if a few shifts are linked into a sequence, only the last shift from that sequence appears in the **OPEN SHIFTS** section. For example, if a user worked 3 shifts in succession, only the third shift from that sequence will be available for selection. 
{{% /notice %}}

4. Tap **Done**. 

On tapping, the **DRAWER CASH – Opening Count** tab opens. The **Opening Amount** field shows the cash balance carried over from the previous shift (not editable):
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_9.jpg" width="700px"%}}

5. Tap **Next** at the bottom-right.

6. On the **COMPLETE – Summary** tab, configure the **Print Start of Day** and **Notes** fields as required.

7. Tap **Complete**.

#### Completing End of Day with multiple shifts

To finalize a Drawer Memo with multiple shifts linked, in POS PRO:

1. On the Home Screen, in the right-side panel, tap **View** in the **DRAWER MEMO** section.

2. Tap **End of Shift / Day** at the bottom-right.

3. In the dialog that opens, in the **End of Day Type** field, select `Finalize Day`:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_5.jpg" width="400px"%}}

4. Tap **Done**. On tapping, the **DRAWER CASH – Closing Count** tab of the **End of Day** area opens.

5. To review information on previos shifts, in the left-side panel, under the **TRANSACTIONS** section, tap the required shift {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_3.jpg" width="700px"%}}

{{% notice info %}}
In the left-side panel, the number in parentheses next to the shift label indicates the total number of transactions recorded against that shift.  
Additionally, please be advised that the **TRANSACTIONS** section does not appear if there are no linked shifts.
{{% /notice %}}

For each linked shift, the following tabs are available:

- **Transactions**: the list of transactions recorded during the shift
- **Cash Movements**: the list of cash movement records created during the shift, such as Take Out or Move to Safe

When finished, tap **Next** at the bottom-right.

5. On the **DRAWER CASH – Closing Count** tab, in the **Count** column of the grid {{% inum "A" %}}, enter the present number of bills or coins for each denomination:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_6.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Note that, at the top of the area, the following new fields are available {{% inum "B" %}}:

    - **Opening Amount**: drawer opening amount from the first DM in the sequence of shifts
    - **Shift 1**–**Shift [...]**: net sales amount of each shift. The last line is the current shift

Accordingly, **Expected Amount** is the total of the **Opening Amount** and all **Shift** values.

When finished, tap **Next** at the bottom-right.

6. On the **DRAWER CASH – Leave in Drawer Amount** tab, in the **Float** column of the grid, enter the number of bills or coins for each denomination according to your denomination plan. Tap **Next**.

7. On the **DRAWER CASH – Cash Handling** tab, if there is a positive value in the **Balance** field, define how the remaining drawer balance should be handled by configuring the **Handle Balance as** field:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_7.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Tap **Next**.

8. On the **DRAWER CASH – Summary** tab, tap **Next**.

9. On the **Finalize** tab, to print the Drawer Memo or Deposit Slip, turn on the **Print Drawer Memo** or **Print Deposit Slip** switch, respectively.  
If the **Notes** field is required, tap **Add Notes**.

10. Tap **Finalize**.

#### New Shift column in the Drawer Memo area

In the **Drawer Memo** area, the **Shift** column {{% inum "A" %}} is now available for display both on the **Drawer Memo** and **History** tabs:
{{% notice note %}}
The **Shift** column does not display by default and must be configured via v6 App Designer in CHQ.
{{% /notice %}}
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_10.jpg" width="700px"%}}
The column shows the number of the shift if the latter is linked into a sequence of shifts. If the DM is not linked to any other DM, the **Shift** column is blank.

#### Shift-related details in the Drawer Memo view

If a Drawer Memo has other shifts linked to it, additional fields become available in the **Drawer Memo** area. 

In the **Drawer Memo #** field, the number of the shift is available {{% inum "A" %}}: 
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_11.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Additionally, in the right-side panel, the **NET SALES** section appears {{% inum "B" %}}. In the section, for each shift, the drawer station number as well as net sales amount are available. Additionally, the **Total** field displays the total of all shift net sales. 

Also, in the **Cash in Drawer** field {{% inum "C" %}}, the current balance of the drawer is available. This value includes the balance carried over from the previous shifts as well as the balance from the current DM. 

#### Changes in End of Day: Drawer Cash – Cash Handling tab

As a part of this update, the following changes have been made under `Drawer Memo > End of Day > DRAWER CASH > Cash Handling`:

1. The **Take Out** field has been removed.

2. The **Handle Balance as** field can now be configured. The following options are available:

    - `Move to Safe`
    - `Deposit`

3. If the **require second user login for drawer over/short verification** setting is enabled in CHQ, the **OVER/SHORT VERIFICATION** section is visible on the tab:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_12.jpg" width="700px"%}}

{{% notice info %}}
In CHQ, the **require second user login for drawer over/short verification** setting is available under `settings > drawer management > drawer memo settings >` the `drawer memo` section.
{{% /notice %}}

If the **Over/Short** value is not zero, verification by a different user granted the **Drawer Memo – Verify drawer memo over/short** security right is required. Verification cannot be done by the same user who is currently logged in. 

To verify, tap **Select** in the **Verified By** field. 

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Controlling availability of payment methods for Open Returns

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-10099`

We've added support of the **allow as refund for open return** setting to POS PRO version 6. 

Now, only payment methods that have this setting enabled can be used to give a refund for an Open Return under `Sales Receipt > Payment`. 
{{% notice info %}}
The **allow as refund for open return** setting is available in CHQ under `settings > sales > payment methods > [selected payment method]`. The setting can be configured for the following payment methods:

- Cash
- Gift Card
- Credit Memo
- Adjustment
- Credit Card Credit
- Check
- Custom
{{% /notice %}}

Additionally, note that if the user selects an allowed payment method but defines a refund value greater than the Open Return item(s) value, the refund is not permitted. Instead, the **Maximum Return Amount Exceeded** error message appears.

Also, if the customer is buying items in the same transaction and pays more than is due (so that **Change Due** appears on the receipt), the payment method limitation is not applied. 

### Testing availability of images in POS PRO V6 app

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-11812`

We've performed additional testing to ensure that item images are available in POS PRO V6 when digital assets are managed via integration with an external rich content management platform. 

### Support of new setting: Only the user who created the Drawer Memo can start new sales

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-7764`

We've added support of the **require same associate as drawer memo for sales** setting to POS PRO V6. 

If this setting is enabled in CHQ, in POS, only the user who created the current Drawer Memo can start a new sale as well as perform some other sales-related options (see [Restrictions imposed by the setting in POS PRO](http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#restrictions-imposed-by-the-setting-in-pos-pro) for details). 

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, the **require same associate as drawer memo for sales** setting is available for configuration under `settings > sales > sales documents >` the `sales` section.

#### Restrictions imposed by the setting in POS PRO

When the **require same associate as drawer memo for sales** setting is enabled, only the user who completed the Start of Day process for the Drawer Memo can do the following in POS:

- start a new sale from the Home Screen and Sale Complete area
- remove a Sales Receipt from hold
- change the cashier on a Sales Receipt that is in progress 
- void/reverse a Sales Receipt

If a different user logs in and tries to perform one of the actions described above, the **Insufficient Rights** error message appears. 
{{% notice note %}}
Note that users who are granted the **Sales – Override drawer memo user for sales** security right may override the restrictions imposed by the **require same associate as drawer memo for sales** setting.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Sales Receipt voiding/reversing for Italy

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-9988`

We've added the capability to void/reverse Sales Receipts for company locations in Italy that use fiscalization related features. 

#### See also

- [Voiding/reversing Sales Receipts](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.34_mobile_rel_guide/#voidingreversing-sales-receipts) in V6.34 POS PRO Release Guide
- [Voiding/reversing a Sales Receipt](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/sr/voiding_reversing_a_sales_receipt/) in POS PRO Quick Reference Guides

### New Ship Memo types added

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-10933`

We've extended the existing Ship Memo (SM) functionality to support the following new SM types in POS PRO V6:

- Ship To Customer (STC)
- Store Pick Up (PKUP)
- Ship To Store (STS)
- Same Day Delivery (SDD)

{{% notice note %}}
Ship Memo and Store Pickup Memo as they existed prior to version 6.41.78 of POS PRO are no longer available.
{{% /notice %}}
Additionally, as a part of this update, changes were introduced to the **Shipments** list view. 

#### Purpose

New SM types introduce additional capabilities in terms of retail shipments as well as provide the retailer with greater control over shipping and store pickup procedures. 

The sections below describe the purpose and capabilities of each new SM type.

##### Ship To Customer

With this type of SM, items are shipped directly from the warehouse or the store to the customer. 

The workflow for Ship To Customer Memo is as follows:

1. When the SM is assigned to the company location, in POS PRO, the SM appears as new in the `Shipments > Outgoing` area in the `Prepare Shipment` status.  
After opening the SM, the store associate adds the requested items on the **Items** tab by scanning or manually entering the items' IDs. If some items are not available, the associate sets the status of such items to **Rejected**.

2. The associate assigns items to carton(s) on the **Cartons** tab.

3. On the **Shipment** tab, the associate defines shipment related details manually or retrieves the shipping label (depending on the shipping method).

3. The associate finalizes the Memo. The items in the SM are assigned the `Shipped` or `Rejected` status as configured by the user.

##### Store Pick Up

With this type of SM, the customer made the purchase online and requested to pick up the items in the store. 

The workflow for Store Pick Up Memo is as follows:

1. When the SM is assigned to the company location, in POS PRO, the SM appears as new in the `Shipments > Outgoing` area in the `Prepare Pick Up` status.  
After opening the SM, the store associate prepares the customer's order by scanning or manually entering the items' IDs on the **Items** tab. If some items are not available, the associate sets the status of such items to **Unavailable**.

2. The associate saves the Memo.
    - If all items were marked as available, the Memo status changes to `Pick Up Ready`.
    - If all items were marked as unavailable, the Memo status changes to `Rejected`.
    - If *some* items were unavailable, the SM reissue process begins. The current Memo is closed, and a new Memo is automatically created for the current location. The reissued Memo includes only the items that were marked as available. Also, the Memo status is `Pick Up Ready`.   
    For the items that were unavailable, a new Store Pick Up Memo in the `Prepare Pick Up` status is issued for a *different* location that has the items in stock. This process is controlled by the Order Fill Logic rules. 

3. When the customer comes in to pickup the order, the associate opens the Memo in the `Pick Up Ready` status. It is then required to scan in the items that are being picked up or simply tap **Picked Up All** if the whole order is being picked up.  
Alternatively, if the customer never showed up, it's possible to tap **Reject All**.

4. The associate finalizes the Memo. If required, customer signature is captured on the **Capture Signature** screen that appears.   
The items in the SM are assigned the `Picked Up` or `Rejected` status as configured by the user.

##### Ship To Store

With this type of SM, the customer made the order online and requested to pick up the items in the store. However, some or all of the purchased items are out of stock in that store and must be transferred from another location. Respectively, along with the SM, a Transfer Order is created for another location. 

The workflow for Ship To Store Memo is as follows:

1. It is first required to finalize the associated Transfer In under `Shipments > Incoming`. 

2. Once the transfer is received, under `Shipments > Outgoing`, the associate opens the Ship To Store Memo and processes it as a store pickup (see [Store Pick Up](#http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#store-pick-up) for details).

##### Same Day Delivery

With this type of SM, the order was made online and is going to be picked up from the store and delivered by a courier. A Same Day Delivery SM is created when an order is imported into the Teamwork system via integration with an external system. 

The SM appears under `Shipments > Outgoing` in the `Prepare Pick Up` status. On the **Pick Up** tab, the associate can see the date and time by which the order must be prepared for the courier. 

The SM is then processed as a store pickup (see [Store Pick Up](#http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#store-pick-up) for details). 

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, it's possible to make capturing the customer's signature required for Store Pick Up, Ship To Store, and Same Day Delivery Memos. If signature is required, and it hasn't been captured prior to Memo finalization, on saving the Memo in POS PRO, the **Capture Signature** screen appears.

To enable signature capture for Store Pick Up and Ship To Store Memos, under `settings > company > sales > sales documents >` the `ship memos` section, select the **require customer signature for store pick up ship memo** checkbox.

For Same Day Delivery Memos, under `settings > company > sales > sales documents >` the `ship memos` section, select the **require customer signature for same day delivery ship memo** checkbox.

#### Changes in the Shipments list view

In the **Shipments** area, the following changes were introduced:

1. In the **Type** column {{% inum "A" %}}, all Ship Memos are now labelled `SM`:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_31.jpg" width="700px"%}}

2. The following new columns are available for display:
{{% notice note %}}
To be available in POS PRO, the columns described below must be added to the layout of the **Shipments** list view in CHQ under `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer`.
{{% /notice %}}
**Column**|**Value**|
:-----------|:-----------|
**Delivery**|Shows Ship Memo type. The following values are possible:<ul><li>STC: Ship To Customer</li><li>PKUP: Store Pickup</li><li>STS: Ship To Store </li><li>SDD: Same Day Delivery</li></ul>|
**Ref Doc #**|For Ship to Store Ship Memos, shows the number of the associated Transfer Order. <br>**NOTE**: The column is blank for purchasing and transfer documents.|
**Pick Up**|For Same Day Delivery Ship Memos, shows the pickup date and time.|

3. Sorting by the following columns is now available:
    - Document #
    - Date / Time
    - To
    - Type
    - Delivery
    - Status
    - Pick Up

{{% notice tip %}}
To change the sort to descending, tap the column header once. Alternatively, to sort in ascending order, tap the column header twice.
{{% /notice %}}

4. Filtering by the following parameters is now available:

    - Date
    - Type
    - Delivery
    - Status

Note that the **Date**, **Type**, and **Status** filters are applied to all shipment documents, not only Ship Memos.

To configure filtering options, tap **Filter** at the top:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_32.jpg" width="700px"%}}
By default, on opening the **Shipments** area, no filters are applied.

#### Ship To Customer Memo

To support the new Ship To Customer Ship Memo, changes were introduced on the following Ship Memo tabs:

- Document
- Items

##### Document tab

On the **Document** tab, the following fields were added:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_33.jpg" width="700px"%}}
- **Type**: `Ship Memo`
- **Delivery Method**: `Ship To Customer`

Additionally, in the **SUMMARY** section, the **Order Qty** label has been changed to **Memo Qty**, and the **Short Qty** field has been removed.

##### Items tab

On the **Items** tab, the following updates have been introduced:

1. At the top-right, the following options are now available:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_34.jpg" width="700px"%}}
    - **Clear All**: clears all quantity values and reject reasons
    - **Ship All**: sets the **Ship Qty** of all items to match the **Memo Qty** (all items will be shipped). The **Rej Qty** for all items is cleared
    - **Reject All**: on tapping, the **Reject Reason** pop-up menu appears. When a reject reason is selected, the **Rej Qty** of all items is set to match the **Memo Qty** (all items will be rejected). The **Ship Qty** for all items is cleared

2. The **Order Qty** column has been renamed to **Memo Qty**. This is the quantity to be fulfilled.

3. The logic behind scanning/searching items when the STC Ship Memo is in the `Prepare Shipment` status has been changed.

Now, on scanning or manually searching a PLU that is present in the document, the **Ship Qty** of the respective item is incremented by 1. If the item's **Ship Qty** (or the total of **Ship Qty** and **Rej Qty**) already equals the **Memo Qty**, the quantity is not incremented, and the following message is shown: `Item already added or scanned`.

If the user adds a PLU that is not present in the document, the item is not added, and the `Item not found` message is shown.

4. The **Shipped** button has been changed to **SAVE**:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_35.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Note that to be able to save the Ship Memo, the following conditions must be observed:

    - the **Memo Qty** for each item in the document must be distributed between the **Ship Qty** or/and **Rej Qty**. If not, on tapping **SAVE**, the `Check Item Status: All items must be shipped or rejected` error message appears
    - each item must be assigned to a carton and all shipments must be booked. If not, on tapping **SAVE**, the `Check Item Status: All cartons must also be assigned and shipments must be booked` error message appears

5. The following options are now available when swiping left on an item row:

    - **Ship**: sets the item's **Ship Qty** to match the **Memo Qty**. If present, the **Rej Qty** is cleared 
    - **Reject**: allows for selecting a reject reason. After selecting a reason, sets the item's **Rej Qty** to match the **Memo Qty**. If present, the **Ship Qty** is cleared
    - **Clear**: clears all quantity values for the item
    - **Edit**: opens the item edit dialog

#### Store Pick Up Memo

To support the new Store Pick Up Memo, changes were introduced on the following tabs:

- Document
- Items
- Pick Up

##### Document tab

On the **Document** tab, in the **DETAILS** section, the following fields were added:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_36.jpg" width="700px"%}}
- **Type**: `Ship Memo`
- **Delivery Method**: `Store Pick Up`

Additionally, in the **SUMMARY** section, the following changes occurred:

- the **Short Qty** field has been removed
- the **Order Qty** field has been renamed  to **Memo Qty**
- when the Ship Memo is in the `Prepare Pick Up` status, the **Available Qty** and **Unavailable Qty** fields appear
- when the Ship Memo is in any status other then  `Prepare Pick Up`, the **Pick Up Qty** and **Reject Qty** fields are available

##### Items tab in the Prepare Pick Up status

The following updates were introduced for the **Items** tab when the Memo is in the **Prepare Pick Up** status:

1. At the top-right, the following options are now available:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_37.jpg" width="700px"%}}
    - **Clear All**: clears all quantity values and reject reasons
    - **All Available**: sets the **Avail Qty** for all items to match the **Memo Qty**. The **Unavail Qty** for all items is cleared
    - **All Unavailable**: on tapping, the **Reject Reason** pop-over menu appears. After a reason is selected, the **Unavail Qty** for all items is set to match the **Memo Qty**. The **Avail Qty** for all items is cleared

2. The logic behind scanning/searching items when the Store Pick Up Memo is in the `Prepare Pick Up` status has been changed.

Now, on scanning or manually searching a PLU that is present in the document, the **Avail Qty** of the respective item is incremented by 1. If the item's **Avail Qty** (or the total of **Avail Qty** and **Unavail Qty**) already equals the **Memo Qty**, the quantity is not incremented, and the following message is shown: `Item already added or scanned`.

If the user adds a PLU that is not present in the document, the item is not added, and the `Item not found` message is shown.

3. When swiping left on an item row, the following options are now available:

    - **Available**: sets the item's **Avail Qty** to match the **Memo Qty**. If present, the **Unavail Qty** is cleared 
    - **Unavailable**: allows for selecting a reject reason. After selecting a reason, sets the item's **Unavail Qty** to match the **Memo Qty**. If present, the **Avail Qty** is cleared
    - **Clear**: clears all quantity values for the item
    - **Edit**: opens the item edit dialog

##### Items tab in the Pick Up Ready status

The following updates were introduced for the **Items** tab when the Memo is in the **Pick Up Ready** status:

1. At the top-right, the following options are now available:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_42.jpg" width="700px"%}}
    - **Clear All**: clears all quantity values and reject reasons
    - **Picked Up All**: sets the **Picked Up Qty** for all items to match the **Memo Qty**. The **Rej Qty** for all items is cleared
    - **Rejected All**: on tapping, the **Reject Reason** pop-over menu appears. After a reason is selected, the **Rej Qty** for all items is set to match the **Memo Qty**. The **Picked Up Qty** for all items is cleared

2. The logic behind scanning/searching items when the Store Pick Up Memo is in the `Pick Up Ready` status has been changed.

Now, on scanning or manually searching a PLU that is present in the document, the **Picked Up Qty** of the respective item is incremented by 1.

Adding items that are not listed in the Memo or that already have their quantity distributed between **Picked Up Qty** or/and **Rej Qty** is not possible.

3. When swiping left on an item row, the following options are now available:

    - **Pick Up**: sets the item's **Picked Up Qty** to match the **Memo Qty**. If present, the **Rej Qty** for the item is cleared
    - **Reject**: on tapping, the **Reject Reason** pop-over menu appears. After a reason is selected, sets the item's **Rej Qty** to match the **Memo Qty**. If present, the **Picked Up Qty** for the item is cleared
    - **Clear**: clears all quantity values for the item
    - **Edit**: opens the item edit dialog

##### Pick Up tab

On the **Pick Up** tab, the **PICK UP CUSTOMER** section has been added:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_41.jpg" width="700px"%}}
The information in the **PICK UP CUSTOMER** section is automatically filled out if the shipment was imported from an eCommerce platform. In POS PRO, all the fields in the section are not editable.

##### Store Pickup reissue

If there is **Unavailable Qty** for any item in the Store Pickup Memo, on tapping **SAVE**, the Memo reissue process begins. 

On tapping **SAVE**, the **Unavailable Quantities** message comes up:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_38.jpg" width="300px"%}}
On tapping **Okay**:

- all items in the current Memo are rejected. For items with **Available Qty**, the reject reason is automatically set to `Reissue`
- a new Memo in the `Pick Up Ready` status that includes only items that were marked as available is created for the current location. If an item's quantity was split between available and unavailable, only the available quantity is included in the reissued Memo
- for the unavailable items, a new Memo is reissued for a different location that has the items in stock. This process is controlled by Order Fill Logic (OFL) rules

Once the Memo is reissued, the **New Ship Memo – Refresh to view** push notification appears on the screen:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_39.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Respectively, in the **Shipments** list view, it's required to refresh the page to see the new Store Pickup Memo in the `Pick Up Ready` status.

When the customer comes in the store for pickup, find and open the required Memo under `Shipments > Outgoing`.

If the customer picked up all items, simply tap **Picked Up All**:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_40.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Alternatively, scan every item that the customer is picking up. Each scan increments the **Picked Up Qty** for the respective item by 1. 

Note that it's not possible to scan in items that are not listed in the Memo or that already have their quantity distributed between **Picked Up Qty** or/and **Rej Qty**. 

To mark an item as rejected:

- to set all item quantity to rejected, swipe left the required item and then tap **Reject**. In the pop-up menu, select the reject reason
- to set a part of the quantity to rejected, tap the required item. In the **Edit** dialog that opens, define the **Rejected Quantity** and **Rejected Reason** fields

{{% notice tip %}}
If the customer never picked up the items, simply tap **Rejected All** at the top-right.
{{% /notice %}}
Once all item quantities are set to either **Picked Up** or **Rejected**, tap **SAVE** at the bottom-right.

#### Ship To Store Memo

To support the new Ship To Store Memo, changes were introduced on the following tabs:

- Document
- Items
- Pick Up

##### Document

When a new Ship To Store Memo is opened under `Shipments > Outgoing`, on the **Document** tab, the **Status** field displays `Transfer/Prepare`:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_43.jpg" width="700px"%}}
The status indicates that a Transfer Order has been made but the items have not arrived yet.
Also, on the **Document** tab, we've added the **Transfer Order** field that shows the number of the associated Transfer Order.   
{{% notice tip %}}
The `Transfer Unsuccessful` label may display next to the Transfer Order number under the following conditions:

- the transfer was fully or partially rejected by the source location
- the Transfer Order was archived, and no Transfers Out were created against the Order
{{% /notice %}}
Additionally, in the **SUMMARY** section, when the Ship Memo is in the `Transfer/Prepare` status, the **Available Qty** and **Unavailable Qty** fields appear. When the Ship Memo is in any other status, the **Pick Up Qty** and **Reject Qty** fields appear instead.

##### Items and Pick Up 

The UI changes on the **Items** and **Pick Up** tabs are consistent with changes introduced for the Store Pick Up Memo (see [Store Pick Up Memo](#http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#store-pick-up-memo) for details).
{{% notice info %}}
**Completing the Ship To Store SM before the trasfer of items arrives**  
A Ship To Store Memo is issued when a customer has placed a pickup order but the required items are not in stock at the desired pickup location. In this case, the following occurs:

- the Ship To Store SM is issued to location A (pickup location). On the **Document** tab of the SM, the user can see the `Transfer/Prepare` status which indicates that item transfer to location A is in progress
- at the same time, the Transfer Order (TO) is issued to location B that has the items in stock. Location B fulfills the TO

The recommended business procedure requires that location A waits until the transfer from location B arrives. When the Transfer In is finalized, location A can proceed with the Ship To Store Memo by marking the items in the Memo as `Pick Up Ready`. That triggers the notification to the customer to pick up the order. 

However, POS does not prevent users in location A from proceeding with the Ship To Store Memo *before* the transfer from location B arrives. That means that there's no logic that prevents the user from setting the SM to `Pick Up Ready` status if the associated Transfer In is not finalized.  
The user may want to do so if the ordered item becomes available in stock due to other circumstances which allows for completing the order sooner: for example, the item had been returned by another customer before the transfer arrived.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Same Day Delivery

To support the new Same Day Delivery Memo, changes were introduced on the following tabs:

- Document
- Items
- Pick Up

##### Document

On the **Document** tab, the following fields have been added:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_44.jpg" width="700px"%}}
- **Type**: `Ship Memo`
- **Delivery Method**: `Same Day Delivery`

Additionally, in the **SUMMARY** section, the **Order Qty** label has been changed to **Memo Qty**, and the **Short Qty** field has been removed.

##### Items

The UI changes on the **Items** tab are consistent with changes introduced for **Items** tab of the Store Pick Up Memo (see [Store Pick Up Memo](#http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#store-pick-up-memo) for details).

##### Pick Up 

On the **Pick Up** tab, the **SAME DAY DELIVERY DETAILS** section has been added. The information in this section is imported from the respective eCommerce order and is not editable. 

In the section, the following fields are available:

- **Pick Up Date/Time**: date and time when the items are to be picked up by the courier
- **Merchandise Value**: total value of the items in the order
- **Delivery Service Tip/Fee**: tip/fee amount on the order
- **Delivery Instructions**: notes added by the customer on the eCommerce order

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### External Ship Memos

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-10187, PRO-13327`

In POS PRO, users can now process Ship Memos (SMs) that were imported from an external Order Management System – External Ship Memos (EXSMs). 

#### Purpose

This update allows retailers to use their preferred Order Management System (OMS) in conjunction with the Teamwork Commerce system. 

SMs from the external OMS are imported into CHQ, validated, and then synchronized with the POS PRO app. Once processed in POS, the SMs are exported back to the external OMS. 

The same as with internal SMs, EXSMs can be of the following four types:

- Ship To Customer
- Store Pick Up
- Ship To Store
- Same Day Delivery 

When processed in POS PRO, EXSMs use the same UI and workflows as internal SMs.
{{% notice tip %}}
For details on processing different types of Ship Memos in POS PRO, see [New Ship Memo types added](#http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#new-ship-memo-types-added) in this Release Guide.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, it's possible to configure if users in POS PRO are allowed to change the ship-to address in EXSMs. 

To allow changing the ship-to address, under `settings > order management > customer orders >` the `web and send sales` section, select the **allow to change ship to address for existing orders (external)** checkbox. This setting is enabled by default. 

#### EXSMs in the Shipments list view

In the **Shipments** area, EXSMs appear on the **Outgoing** and **History** tabs. 

In the **Type** column, such Memos are labelled `EXSM`:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_46.jpg" width="700px"%}}
Additionally, it's now possible to configure default printing settings for EXSM-related documents. To do so, in the upper-right corner, tap **Print Options**, select the required document type, and then configure the settings. 

Depending on what printing designs are available in CHQ, the following EXSM documents may be available in **Print Options**:

- External SM Pick Up Slip
- External SM Packing Slip
- External SM Pick List
- External SM Pick Up Label
- External SM Mailing Label

{{% notice info %}}
To make a document available for printing in POS PRO, a printing design must be uploaded to CHQ and assigned to the respective printing area. For example, assigning a design to the **External SM Pick Up Slip** printing area makes the EXSM Pick Up Slip available in POS **Shipments**.  
In CHQ, at the company level, printing designs can be defined under `settings > printing > mobile printing designs`. At the device level, it's possible to do so under `services > device controller > [your device] > printing options`.
{{% /notice %}}

#### EXSM specific fields and values on the Document tab

On the **Document** tab of the EXSM, the **Type** field displays `External Ship Memo` {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_47.jpg" width="700px"%}}

The **Order #** field {{% inum "B" %}} shows the number of the associated shipment document from the external OMS. 

In Ship to Store EXSMs where merchandise is transferred to the location that fills the order, additional **Transfer Order** field is available on the **Document** tab. If the associated Transfer Order is managed by the external system, the **Transfer Order** field shows the order number passed from that external system.
{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that in case the external Transfer Order fails, POS does NOT receive and show the **Transfer Unsuccessful** status. 
{{% /notice %}}
Additionally, on the **Document** tab, the **Customer** field shows the read-only name of the customer passed from the external OMS.

#### Ship Memo reissue is not available

Please be advised that, if the user rejected some items in an EXSM, the EXSM is not reissued. Instead, both available and unavailable quantities are communicated to the external OMS.

Respectively, when the user saves the EXSM, the confirmation dialog will display the following text: `There are unavailable quantities on this ship memo. The ship memo will be marked as rejected`.
{{% notice info %}}
Ship Memo reissue is an automated process that allows for redirecting a part of the shipment order to another location if the initial filling location rejected some items. To learn about the reissue process in internal Ship Memos, see [New Ship Memo types added](#http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#new-ship-memo-types-added) in this Release Guide.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [New Ship Memo types added](#http://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.41_mobile_rel_guide/#new-ship-memo-types-added) in V6.41 POS PRO Release Guide
- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Sales Receipt: Multiple associates at the item level

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-11359`

We've added the capability to assign multiple associates to a line item on a sale. 

When an item has multiple associates assigned, the percentage of the sale value that goes to each associate is calculated automatically. Alternatively, users with the appropriate security right can adjust this percentage manually. 

#### Purpose

For retailers that utilize commission based pay, this feature allows for splitting a sale item's value between several associates. 

#### How an associate's percentage is calculated

If there's more than one associate at the item level, the automatic calculation evenly distributes the percentage (the item's sale value) among the associates. For example, if two associates are added, the distribution will be as follows: 50% for Associate 1 and 50% for Associate 2. 

If the percentage can't be distributed evenly, POS applies the odd percent to the first associate on the item. For example, if three associates are added, the distribution will be as follows:

- Associate 1 – 34%
- Associate 2 – 33%
- Associate 3 – 33%

##### Manual percentage allocation

The user can manually distribute the percentage between the associates as desired as long as the total percentage equals 100%. For manual allocation, decimals are allowed, for example 25.5% or 33.33%.
{{% notice note %}}
Note that, if the percentage is manually changed for one of the associates, it's required to do so for *all* associates on the item as POS does not automatically recalculate the remaining percentage.  
Manual allocation is overriden by automatic recalculation only in the following cases:

- an associate has been added or removed from the item
- all associates except for one were removed from the item (the value for the remaining associate is set to 100%)
- the item is removed from the transaction
{{% /notice %}}
Also, it's not possible to set an associate's percentage to 0. 

#### Assigning multiple associates to an item

To add several associates at the item level, in POS PRO:

1. On the Home Screen, tap **NEW SALE**.

2. On the **Cart** tab of the **Sales Receipt** area, add sale item(s).

3. Swipe left the required item and then tap **Edit**.

4. On the **Item Details** tab that opens, tap the value in the **Associate** field:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_48.jpg" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
To do so, the user must have the **Sales Receipts – Chng Assc** security right.  
{{% /notice %}}

5. Tap **ADD** {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_49.jpg" width="400px"%}}

6. In the **Select Associate** dialog, find and tap the associate you want to add. Note that, once the associate is added, the percentage is distributed automatically:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_50.jpg" width="400px"%}}
    - Manual distribution is possible by tapping the values in the **PERCENT** column and entering the desired percentage. Note that the **Total Percentage** field shows the percentage that has already been allocated {{% inum "A" %}}:
    {{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_51.jpg" width="400px"%}}
    It's not possible to **Save** the changes before all 100% are allocated.

7. Tap **Save** in the upper right corner.  
Back in the **Sales Receipt** area, the item that has multiple associates assigned will have the **Associates (number)** label applied {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_52.jpg" width="700px"%}}

8. Finalize the transaction as required.

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Removed options in the finalized Sales Receipt view

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-11948`

In the finalized Sales Receipt (SR) view, we've removed the **Return**, **Void/Reverse**, and **Reprint** options. 

This update is a prevention measure against duplicate DTNs that may result from performing these actions in the finalized SR view opened from the Verified Return form.

{{% notice info %}}
Note that these options are still available in the Verified Return mode (the **Return** area).
{{% /notice %}}
Additionally, as a part of this update, we've changed the behavior of the **Close** button {{% inum "A" %}} on the **Sale Complete** screen of a Verified Return:
{{% gimg src="V6.39 Mob Rel Guide/6.39_mobrelguide_36.jpg" width="700px"%}} 
Now, on tapping **Close**, the user is returned to POS Home Screen instead of the **Return** area.

### Logging POS exceptions in Stackdriver

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-11182`

Prior to version 6.41.78, POS app exceptions were logged in the MobileExceptionLog table at the backend. With this update, POS exceptions are now logged in the integrated Stackdriver environment.

### Updated availability of gift card items for company locations

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-10932`

We've updated how availability of different gift card (GC) service items is defined for a company location.  
{{% notice info %}}
**GC service items**  
In CHQ **inventory**, it's possible to create multiple service items that represent different types of gift cards that the brand may offer for sale. When multiple GC items are set up, in POS PRO, the user has the capability to select which gift card type to sell.
{{% /notice %}}
Now, in POS PRO, the user can only sell a GC that:

- shares the same fiscal zone and country with the store where the sale occurs, and
- is defined in the **allowed gift card items** setting for that fiscal zone in CHQ

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, it's now possible to configure what GC items are available for sale in a particular fiscal zone.

To do so, under `settings > company settings > credit & reward platform > fiscal zones > [your fiscal zone] > gift cards >` the `general` section, next to the **allowed gift card items** field, click **edit**. In the dialog that opens, select the GCs that should be available for sale:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_54.jpg" width="600px"%}} 
Note that if `any gift card item` is selected, in POS PRO, all GCs that belong to that fiscal zone will be available for sale. This is the default configuration. 
{{% notice note %}}
If `none` is configured, in POS PRO, no GCs will be available for selection. `None` is set if, in the **select gift card items** dialog, the user chose the `selected gift card items` option but didn't select any GCs from the grid.
{{% /notice %}}

#### GC availability in the Sales Receipt area

In POS PRO, filtering by fiscal zone and country as well as the **allowed gift card items** setting is applied:

- to the list of available physical GCs in the **Gift Card Item** dialog: 
 {{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_53.jpg" width="400px"%}}
 The **Gift Card Item** dialog is available under `Sales Receipt > GC Purchase` on tapping **Select** in the **Gift card item** field.

- to the list of available virtual GCs that appear in the **Virtual GC Purchase** dialog. The **Virtual GC Purchase** dialog can be accessed by tapping **VGC Purchase** in the **Sales Receipt** area

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Correction of payment ID sent to Adyen for Card on File transactions

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-13299`

We've corrected what payment ID Teamwork passes to Adyen when POS PRO users take payments and make refunds via the Card on File feature. Prior to version 6.41.311, Teamwork passed ReceiptPaymentId, which resulted in incorrect Merchant Reference on the Adyen side. 

Now, we send ReceiptRemotePaymentId when users make or void Card on File transactions.

### Assigning Verified Returns to the original sale location

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-13268`

We've added new logic that allows for assigning return transactions to the original sale location even if the return was actually made at a different location. 
{{% notice note %}}
This feature can be enabled for Verified Returns only. Open Returns are always assigned to the company location where the Return is performed.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Purpose

If this logic is enabled in CHQ, and the customer returns items at a company location different from the original sale location, the Verified Return transaction is automatically assigned to the original sale location. 

At the backend, the return receipt is created for the original sale location. Additionally, after the return receipt is posted, the system creates a Transfer Memo to transfer the return items from the actual return location to the original sale location. 

This feature may be useful if, for example, the business doesn't want to see the location's net sales figure reduced by refunds of purchases that weren't made at that location. 

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, the feature is enabled from the standpoint of the original sale location. If a location has the **items sold from this location assigned here on return** checkbox selected, then all returns of items sold from that location will be assigned to that location. 

The checkbox is available under `settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [selected location] > sales >` the `sales` section.

#### The RETURNS ASSIGNED TO field in POS

When the user starts a Verified Return of an item that has a different original sale location, and that location has the **items sold from this location assigned here on return** setting enabled in CHQ, in the **Return** area, the **RETURNS ASSIGNED TO** section appears:
 {{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_55.jpg" width="700px"%}}
This section shows the company location that the return transaction will be assigned to.
{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that, when the return is assigned to another location, you can't do the following:
- sell items in the same transaction. When trying to add a sale item, you will see the **Sales and Returns Not Permitted** error message. Respectively, if the customer wishes to exchange the item, you need to sell the new item in a separate Sales Receipt
- add an Open Return item to the same transaction
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Shipments list view: New Ship Method column

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-13689`

We've added a new **Ship Method** column to the `Shipments > Outgoing` area of POS {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_56.png" width="700px"%}}
For Ship Memos, the column shows the requested shipping method from the associated Sales Order.
{{% notice note %}}
The **Ship Method** column is not visible in POS by default. To enable the column for display, in CHQ under `settings > company settings > v6 App Designer > Point of Sale V6 > iPad > Shipments > Outgoing List`, place the **Ship Method** label under **layout**.
{{% /notice %}}

### Integration with Global Payments

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-9969`

We've extended the list of integrated payment processors available in Teamwork Commerce PRO. Now, Global Payments (formerly known as TSYS and Cayan) is available for users to:

- accept credit and debit card payments
- make refunds to credit and debit cards
- void card transactions

Additionally, we've updated POS PRO Version 6 to work in conjunction with Genius countertop terminals. 
{{% notice info %}}
Global Payments is a worldwide provider of payment technology and software solutions.  
In integration with Teamwork, the Genius family of devices is used to transmit data from POS to Global Payments cloud-based gateway.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Supported Genius terminal models

Starting from version 6.41.311, POS PRO can be used with the following Genius payment terminals:

- MX915
- MX925
- M400
- E285
- P400

#### Configuration in CHQ

{{% notice tip %}}
For details on CHQ configuration, see [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/).
{{% /notice %}}
To make Global Payments processing available in POS PRO, the following must be configured in CHQ:

- Global Payments integration must be configured at the company and/or location level
- a Credit Card payment method must be set up where Global Payments is selected as the payment processor
- connection with the payment terminal must be configured either in CHQ Device Controller or in POS Settings (see [Configuring terminal connection in POS Settings](#configuring-terminal-connection-in-pos-settings)).

#### Configuring terminal connection in POS Settings
<a name="configuring-terminal-connection-in-POS"></a>
To set up connection between POS and the Global Payments terminal, in POS:

1. On the **Home Screen**, at the bottom-right, tap **More**.

2. In the menu that appears, tap **Settings**:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_56.jpg" width="500px"%}}
3. In **Settings**, in the left-side panel, tap **Payment Terminals**. 

4. Tap **Edit Payment Terminals**.

5. In the dialog that opens, in the **Payment Terminal Type** field, select `Global Payments`. On selecting, additional fields appear below.

6. Fill out the following fields:
**Field**|**Description**|
:-----------|:-----------|
**Host Name**|The unique name of your Global Payments device.<br>To get the Host Name, on your Global Payments terminal, do the following:<ul><li>From the Idle screen, press "0 0 0" (zero-zero-zero) on the keypad</li><li>Enter your Admin password</li><li>Press the green Enter button</li><li>The Hostname will be displayed on the screen</li><li>Pressing the red Cancel button will return you back to the Idle screen</li>|
**Terminal ID**|The unique identifier of your terminal.<br>The terminal ID must have the following format: [any number of characters/digits]-[9 digits], for example `P400-123456789`. The maximum length allowed is 24 characters|
**Port**|The port through which POS should connect to the payment terminal. By default, `8443` is configured|

7. Tap **Done** in the upper-right corner.

#### Card transactions with Global Payments in POS PRO

POS PRO Version 6 utilizes a standardized user interface for all integrated payment processors.

For details on how to take a credit card payment, make a refund to a card, or void a card transaction in POS, see [Standard user interface for integrated payment processors](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.34_mobile_rel_guide/#standard-user-interface-for-integrated-payment-processors).

Additionally, for information on how detached payments are managed in POS, see [Automated detached payment check](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.39_mobile_rel_guide/#automated-detached-payment-check).

{{% notice warning %}}
Please be advised that Global Payments cannot check the status of void and refund transactions. For details, see the [Managing the unknown status of a void or refund transaction](#managing-the-unknown-status-of-void-or-refund-transaction) section below.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Managing the unknown status of a void or refund transaction
<a name="managing-the-unknown-status-of-void-or-refund-transaction"></a>
Global Payments cannot check the status of a void or refund transaction.

If POS PRO does not receive a response from the terminal when voiding or refunding a payment (the **Payment Status Unknown** screen appears in POS), the store must *contact Global Payments directly* to check the status of that transaction.

If the transaction was successfull on the terminal but POS has no record of it, the store associate should use the Offline Credit Card payment method to record the transaction in Teamwork. 

Alternatively, if the transaction failed on the terminal, the store associate should return to the **Payments** area by closing the **Payment Status Unknown** screen and then start over.

#### See also

- [Standard user interface for integrated payment processors](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.34_mobile_rel_guide/#standard-user-interface-for-integrated-payment-processors) in V6.34 POS PRO Release Guide
- [Automated detached payment check](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.39_mobile_rel_guide/#automated-detached-payment-check) in V6.39 POS PRO Release Guide
- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Corrected POS behavior when starting a Drawer Memo with no cash payment methods configured

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-7402`

Prior to version 6.41.311, the POS PRO app could stop working when the user tried to start a new Drawer Memo with no cash payment methods configured for the location. 

We've corrected this issue. Now, if the user selects **Start a new Drawer Memo**, and there are no cash payment methods configured for the location, the **Invalid Configuration** error message appears.

### Preparing POS for database diagnostics

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-12653`

We've added the capability to enable the diagnostic mode in POS PRO.

When POS is in this mode, the CHQ administrator can check the state of the POS database by streaming diagnostic queries.

#### Purpose

This feature allows a CHQ administrator to check if there are any issues related to the POS local database.

To allow the CHQ admin to do so, a user with the **Access POS Diagnostic** security right simply opens the diagnostic screen in POS **Settings**. After that, the query progress displays on the device, and the results are streamed to CHQ.		

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, it's possible to start diagnostics in the respective device record under `services > device controller > [selected device] > queries`.
{{% notice tip %}}
For details on how to do so, see [CHQ Release Guide Version 6.41](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/).				
{{% /notice %}}

#### Opening the diagnostic mode in Settings

To open the diagnostic mode in POS:

1. On the Home Screen in POS, at the bottom-right, tap **More**.

2. In the menu that opens, tap **Settings**. 

3. In the left-side panel, tap **Administration**.

4. In the **POS DIAGNOSTIC** section, tap **Open Diagnostic** {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_57.jpg" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
To do so, the user must have the **Access POS Diagnostic** security right. If the user does not have that right, the standard **Insufficient Rights** message with the manager override option will display. 				
{{% /notice %}}
A screen titled **Diagnostic Mode Started** will open:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_58.jpg" width="300px"%}}
When the dialog is open, a CHQ administrator can run diagnostic queries. 	

5. To close the diagnostic mode and return to POS **Settings**, tap **Close**.

#### See also

[V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)

### Sales Receipt: Open the Availability view from the item edit area

`Build 6.41.311: PRO-13108`

We've added the capability to open the **Availability** view from the **[item name] - edit** area which can be accessed by tapping a sale item under `Sales Receipt > Cart`. 
{{% notice info %}}
The **Availability** view allows the user to check availability of an item across all company locations. This view is updated in real time. 
{{% /notice %}}
To open **Availability** from the **[item name] - edit** area in POS:

1. When in the `Sales Receipt > Cart` area, tap the item for which you want to check availability.

2. At the top of the left-side panel, tap **Availability** {{% inum "A" %}}:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_59.jpg" width="700px"%}}

3. The **Retrieving location availability** dialog will display while contacting CHQ for information.

4. Once the information is retrieved, the **Availability** view appears:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_60.jpg" width="700px"%}}
On opening, the available quantity of the selected item is shown for *your location*.   
To check availability at other locations, in the **LOCATION** grid at the bottom, tap **Get Other Locations**.

5. To return to the **[item name] - edit** area, in the upper left corner, tap **Close**.

### Making Ship Memo related fields available for reporting in POS local database

`Build 6.41.331: PRO-12029`

As of version 6.41.331 of the software, when printing a Ship Memo related document, the data required for printing (for example, Sales Order number, or Send To information, or Shipping Method ID, etc.) is stored in the POS local database.

Such Ship Memo related documents include:

- Pick List
- Pack Slip
- Mailing Label
- Pick Up Label
- Pick Up Slip

### Applying a ship-to or store pickup address to multiple items in Cart

`Build 6.41.352: PRO-14239`

When initiating a Ship to Customer or Store Pick Up transaction under `Sales Receipt > Cart`, we’ve added the capability to quickly apply a ship-to or store pickup address to multiple items. After the user sets the shipping or store pickup address on the first item, POS will offer the option of using the same data for other items in the Cart. 

#### Purpose

Previously, to configure a sale item as, for example, “Ship to Customer”, the user had to open the `[item name] - edit > Ship` area and then select the ship type, shipping address, and ship method. That had to be repeated for each ship item in the transaction. 

This update adds a fast workflow for sending multiple items to the same address without leaving the **Cart** area. Now, after you have defined an address for one of the items, for every next item, POS brings up the dialog with previously defined ship-to and store pickup addresses for quick selection.

#### Applying a previously selected ship-to or store pickup address to an item

Under `Sales Receipt > Cart`, to apply the same ship-to/store pickup address to several items:

1. Configure the first ship/store pickup item via the existing workflow. To do so:

    - tap the item in the Cart
    - once the **Ship** tab of the **[item name] - edit** area opens, tap **Ship Type** and then choose `Ship to Customer` or `Store Pickup` as required
    - configure the ship-to address, ship method, and the fill from location for Ship to Customer or the pickup location for Store Pickup
    - in the upper-right corner, tap **Done**

2. Back under `Sales Receipt > Cart`, swipe left on the next item and select **Ship Item**:  
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_61.jpg" width="600px"%}}

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that the **Open Return** option was removed from the left-swipe menu. You can initiate an Open Return of the item by doing the following: 

1. Tap the required item in the Cart
2. In the area that opens, on the left, select the **Return** tab
3. On the **Return** tab, fill out the Open Return related  fields
4. In the upper-right corner, tap **Done**
{{% /notice %}}
Tapping **Ship Item** opens the **Ship Item** dialog where you can see all shipping and store pickup addresses previously defined in the transaction. 

Please note that if there were two identical addresses with different shipping methods, POS considers those two distinct ship-to addresses. In the **Ship Item** dialog, such addresses will be shown as two separate options (see {{% inum "A" %}} and {{% inum "B" %}} in the screenshot):
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_62.jpg" width="350px"%}}

3. In the **Ship Item** dialog, do one of the following:

    - to apply a previously used address, tap an address in the **PREVIOUSLY SELECTED SHIP TO ADDRESSES** or **PREVIOUSLY SELECTED PICK UP LOCATIONS** section  
    - to add a new pickup location, select **New Store Pick Up** 
    - to add a new shipping address, select **New Ship To Customer**

Tapping **New Store Pick Up** or **New Ship To Customer** opens the `[item name] - edit > Ship` area where it’s possible to configure a new address.

4. Back under `Sales Receipt > Cart`, repeat **steps 2–3** for all the items you want to ship or process as a store pickup.

5. Proceed to the **Payment** area and accept the payment.

6. Finalize the purchase. 

#### See also

[Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### The display of the Attribute values is configured at the backend
<a name="the-display-of-the-attribute-values-is-configured-at-the-backend"></a>
`Build 6.41.352: PRO-14249`

As of version 6.41.352, the type of values displayed in the **Attribute 1–2** columns in various documents in POS PRO is now configured via a backend setting. Depending on the configuration, the columns can display one of the following value types:

- Attribute 1–2
- Attribute 1–2 Alias 1
- Attribute 1–2 Alias 2

{{% notice note %}}
It is no longer possible to configure the display of the **Attribute 1–2** columns in POS. To change what displays in the **Attribute 1–2** columns in your environment, please submit a request to Teamwork Commerce.  
{{% /notice %}}
This change is applied to the following areas in both active and historical documents:

- the **Availability** grid under `Catalog > [selected item] > Availability`
- the **Items** and **Cartons** tabs under `Shipments > Outgoing > Ship Memo`
- the **Items** tab under `Shipments > Outgoing > Transfer Order`
- the **Items** tab under `Shipments > Outgoing > Transfer Out`
- the **Items** tab under `Shipments > Outgoing > Purchase Return`
- the **Items** tab under `Shipments > Incoming > Purchase Receipt`
- the **Items** tab under `Shipments > Incoming > Purchase Order`
- the **Items** tab under `Shipments > Incoming > Transfer In`
- the **Items** and **Scans** tabs under `Count Memos > Count Memo`
- the **Items** under `Adjustment Memos > Adjustment Memo`

#### The Options dialog removed from Availability

We have removed the **Options** dialog previously available under `Catalog > [selected item] > Availability` as users no longer can change the display of the **Attribute** columns in POS. 

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Extended search for Send Sales via the Find Receipt feature

`Build 6.41.337: PRO-14437`

We've improved how the **Find Receipt** feature in POS works with Send Sale transactions.

Now, when the user searches for a Sales Receipt where item shipping was initiated, the search will additionally return the associated Receipt created after shipment fulfillment, and vice versa.
{{% notice info %}}
Send Sale processing may involve two Sales Receipts.  
The store associate creates the first Sales Receipt when the customer requests item shipping at the checkout (Sales Receipt A). The second Sales Receipt is created automatically once the respective Ship Memo is fulfilled (Sales Receipt B). 
{{% /notice %}}
{{% notice note %}}
This feature is available only under `Sales Receipt > Find Receipt`. The extended search doesn't work in the **Sales History** and **Device History** areas.
{{% /notice %}}
This feature is helpful if the customer wants to return Send Sale items but has only the initial sales receipt on hand (Sales Receipt A). By entering the transaction number from the initial receipt in the **Find Receipt** area, the store associate can find the associated shipment receipt (Sales Receipt B).

Additionally, now, when the Ship Memo is created, the ship items are removed from the initial Sales Receipt. Respectively, performing a Verified Return is possible only against the shipment receipt.

#### See also

[V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)

### Adyen Credit Card payment: Manual entry of card details

`Build 6.41.387: PRO-8657`

POS PRO now supports manual entry of card details when working in conjunction with Adyen payment terminals.

To accommodate this update, we've added the **Manual Key Entry (MKE)** and **Mail Order/Telephone Order (MOTO)** entry options for the Adyen Credit Card payment method in POS.
{{% notice note %}}
Teamwork Commerce does not store credit card information. All payments are performed on the payment terminal and are securely processed by Adyen.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Purpose

The alternative card entry options allow POS to process payments if regular entry doesn't work as expected or the physical card is not at hand.

The **Manual Key Entry (MKE)** option can be used when the payment terminal fails to obtain the card details from the card's chip or magnetic stripe.

The **Mail Order/Telephone Order (MOTO)** option should be used when the store associate is taking a phone order, and the customer is  paying with a card. 

In both scenarios, the store associate selects the respective option in POS and then manually enters the card details on the terminal. 

#### Configuration in CHQ

For the MKE and MOTO options to be available in POS, the **enable manual key entry** and **enable phone order option** settings must be enabled in CHQ.

The above settings are available under `chq > settings > sales > payment methods > [your Adyen Credit Card payment method] – location settings > [your location]`. 

#### Selecting alternative card entry options in POS

To select the MKE or MOTO entry option in POS:

1. Under `Sales Receipt > Payment`, in the right-side panel, tap **[your Adyen Credit Card payment method]**.

2. In the area that opens, if the payment amount isn't suggested automatically, enter it manually.

3. Then, in the upper right corner, tap **Show Options** ({{% inum "A" %}} in the screenshot):
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_65.jpg" width="700px"%}}

4. In the **OPTIONS** menu that opens:
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_66.jpg" width="700px"%}}
    - To manually enter card details for a phone order, tap **Phone Order**.
    - To manually enter card details in case regular entry has failed, tap **Manual Key Entry**.

5. At the bottom, tap **PROCESS PAYMENT**.

6. When the `Waiting for terminal...` message appears, enter the card details on the connected terminal.

The payment terminal will contact Adyen for approval. Once a reponse has been received, POS will display either **Approved** or **Declined**.

If the payment has been approved, and there is no remaining **Payment Due**, the transaction can be finalized.

#### Updated layout of the Card on File options

If the Card on File feature is enabled and a customer has been added to the transaction, in the **[Adyen Credit Card payment method]** area, the **OPTIONS** section ({{% inum "A" %}} in the screeenshot) appears under saved cards ({{% inum "B" %}} in the screenshot):
{{% gimg src="V6.41 POS Rel Guide/6.41_mobrelguide_67.jpg" width="700px"%}}
{{% notice tip %}}
The Card on File feature can be enabled in CHQ under `settings > sales > payment processing > the Adyen terminal API section` by selecting the **enable card on file options** checkbox.
{{% /notice %}}
If the customer has no saved cards, in the **CARD ON FILE** section, `No cards on file` message displays. 

#### See also

- [V6.41 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.41_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

## Issue Resolutions

### Using POS PRO is possible after device record deactivation

`Build 6.41.311: DS-3799`

**Issue**  
It was sometimes possible to log in to POS PRO and create a new sale even if, in CHQ, the respective device record had been deactivated via the **update** option.
{{% notice info %}}
The **update** option under `chq > services > device controller > [selected device record]` deactivates that device record and then creates a new record with the same name and settings. To continue using POS PRO on the respective device, the latter must be re-initialized to the new device record.
{{% /notice %}}

**Resolution**  

The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, after the device record has been updated, `The device record was deactivated. Please contact support` message appears in POS PRO. To continue using the app, initialization to the new device record is required.

### Drawer Memo: Print Start of Day value isn't saved as default

`Build 6.41.311: DS-4047`

**Issue**  
Under `Drawer Memo > Start of Day > COMPLETE – Summary`, the state of the **Print Start of Day** switch wasn't saved as default for the next Start of Day. 

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, the default state of the **Print Start of Day** switch is based on whether the switch was enabled or disabled during the previous Start of Day. 

### TSE disconnecting from POS PRO

`Build 6.41.311: DS-3876`

**Issue**  
Company locations using POS PRO in conjunction with a fiscal Technical Security Device (TSE) could encounter the issue where the TSE would disconnect if POS PRO hadn’t been used for more than five minutes since the last transaction. That resulted in the `Fiscal system is not connected; check device` error upon starting a new transaction.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, the TSE stays connected even if POS PRO has been inactive for a period of time.

### Inability to edit Ship To address in POS 

`Build 6.41.311: DS-4041`

**Issue**  
During a send sale when trying to select a Ship To, or Bill To, or Postal address in POS PRO under `New Sale > the Cart tab > [your item] > Edit > the Ship tab > Ship to Customer > Ship To Address`, an error message displayed if one of the required fields was not defined in the selected address. Once the error message displayed, it was no longer possible to edit the selected address and fill out the required information.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now it is possible to edit the selected address indicating the required information that is missing.

### Validation for required Country and Email in customer Ship To address not working

`Build 6.41.311: DS-4128`

We’ve fixed the issue where validation for the **Country** and **Email** required fields did not work for Ship to Customer transactions under `New Sale > the Cart tab > [your item] > Edit > the Ship tab > Ship to Customer > Ship To Address > the Ship To tab`.

### Item custom field values won’t display in Sales Receipt Cart

`Build  6.41.311: DS-4128`

We’ve fixed the issue where, on adding a new custom field to POS PRO item descriptions in the Sales Receipt Cart via CHQ V6 App Designer (`CHQ > company settings > V6 App Designer > Point of Sales V6 > Sales Receipt > Cart Descriptions`), the value added in that custom field in POS PRO (`New Sale > the Cart tab > [your item] > Custom`) did not display upon saving.

### “Cash” displays as payment method for non-cash payments during End of Day

`Build 6.41.311: DS-4040 `

We’ve fixed the issue where “Cash” displayed as a payment method for non-cash payments in POS PRO during Drawer Memo End of Day with more than one shift. 

### Transfer Memo and Transfer Memo Item External ID values erased from database upon transfer finalization

`Build 6.41.311: DS-4137`

We’ve fixed the issue where, upon transfer finalization in POS PRO under `Shipments > Incoming`, Transfer Memo and Transfer Memo item External ID values disappeared from the database.

### State/Province not populated automatically from the Customer record

`Build  6.41.311: DS-4127`

We’ve fixed the issue where the **State/Province** field in Ship To, Bill To, and Postal addresses (`New Sale > the Cart tab > [your item] > Edit > the Ship tab > Ship to Customer > Ship To Address`) would not populate automatically from the Customer record as expected.

### Integration with ShippyPro: Failure to print a ZPL shipping label

`Build 6.41.311: DS-4126`

**Issue**  
Prior to version 6.41.311, when using the integration with ShippyPro, printing a ZPL shipping label from POS PRO under `Shipments > Outgoing > [your Ship Memo in the Prepare Shipment status] > Print > Shipping Label > Print` could occasionally stop working. This resulted from incorrect data received from the ShippyPro side.
{{% notice info %}}
ZPL stands for Zebra Programming Language, a page description language used by labeling applications.
{{% /notice %}}

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, using the ShippyPro integration and printing ZPL shipping labels works as expected.
  
### Required fields validation doesn’t work for Ship To addresses in Sales Receipt

`Build 6.41.311: DS-4126`

We’ve fixed the issue where it was possible to select a Ship To address for a ship item in POS PRO under `New Sale > the Cart tab > [your item] > Edit > the Ship tab > Ship to Customer > Ship To Address` even if one of the fields marked as required in CHQ (`settings > order management > ship to required fields`), was not populated.

### Incorrect receipt totals calculation 

`Build 6.41.311: DS-3881`

**Issue**  
Prior to 6.41.311, the receipt totals were incorrectly calculated if the following took place:

1. Three items satisfying the “buy 2, get 1 with 100%” promotion criteria were added to Sales Receipt.
2. One of the promo items was removed.
3. A regular item was added instead.

In that case, the totals remained the same as for the initial three items from step 1 above.

Then, on taking payment via the Adyen terminal and tapping **FINALIZE** in POS RPO, the ““SALE_VALIDATINGKEYS_-FORMAT” - 10178” error message displayed in POS and the payment was automatically refunded by the terminal.

**Resolution**  
We’ve fixed the issue and now the totals are correctly calculated.

### Different item availability quantities in CHQ and POS PRO

`Build 6.41.311: DS-4219`

We’ve fixed the issue where, for an item that was imported via Excel-based inventory catalog import to Cloud HQ, the availability quantities differed in the **Availability** area of POS PRO (`Catalog > [your item]`) and in CHQ under `inventory > styles & items > [your style item] > check qty`.

### Inability to edit customer records

`Build 6.41.331: DS-4287`

**Issue**  
Previously, it was impossible to edit a customer record in POS PRO under **Customers** if **Phone 2** of that customer record was identical to **Phone 1** of another customer. 

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. In the above case, the customer record can be edited as now only the **Phone 1** value is checked for duplicates.

### Sales Receipts with promotion applied freeze in the “on hold” status 

`Build 6.41.331: DS-4284`

We’ve fixed the issue where Sales Receipts with applied promotion could freeze once placed “on hold” with no capability to further finalize the transaction.

### Shipping label not changed on changing shipping method

`Build 6.41.331: DS-4300`

**Issue**  
When using ShippyPro integration, if the user voided the existing shipping label and then changed the shipping method under `Shipments > Outgoing > [your Ship Memo] > the Shipment tab > [your Carton]`, after tapping **Get Label**, the newly generated label would still contain the shipping method from the original Sales Order.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, the updated shipping method is indicated on the new shipping label as expected.

### Ship to Customer: Shipping methods in POS do not respect the “available for POS ship item” CHQ setting

`Build 6.41.331: DS-4295`

**Issue**  
Previously, in case of Ship to Customer orders, all the ship methods which were configured in CHQ under `settings > company settings > shipping methods` displayed for ship items in POS PRO.

These shipping methods displayed regardless of whether the **available for POS ship item** option was selected for them or not.
{{% notice info %}}
The **available for POS ship item** setting is located in CHQ under `settings > company settings > shipping methods > [your shipping method]`.
{{% /notice %}}

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, only the shipping methods with the **available for POS ship item** option selected in CHQ display for ship items in POS PRO.

### Shipments: Attribute 1 Alias and Attribute 2 Alias display instead of Attribute 1 and Attribute 2

`Build 6.41.334: DS-4348`

We’ve fixed the issue where, on the **Items** tab for all **Outgoing** and **Incoming** documents in **Shipments**, **Attribute 1 Alias** and **Attribute 2 Alias** columns incorrectly displayed instead of **Attribute 1** value and **Attribute 2** value respectively.

### POS application crashes when completing Review Order

`Build 6.41.334: DS-4340`

We’ve fixed the issue where the POS app could stop working when the user tried to convert a Review Order into a Sales Receipt by selecting an item in the Order and tapping **SELL**.

### Catalog: Partial search by Item Description doesn't work

`Build 6.41.352: DS-4377`

We've fixed the issue where partial search by the **Item Description** field in the **Catalog** area could yield no results even if there were items matching the search criteria. 

### Verified Return: Inability to select more than one item when the return is assigned to another location

`Build 6.41.352: DS-4406`

**Issue**  
When making a Verified Return against a Sales Receipt that was created at a location with the **items sold from this location assigned here on return** setting enabled (`chq > settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [selected location] > sales > the sales section`), it was impossible to select more than one item for return. On attempting to do so, the **Sales and Returns Not Permitted** error message appeared.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, under the conditions described above, more than one item can be returned as expected.

### Inability to add a customer to the Sales Receipt

`Build 6.41.352: DS-4409`

**Issue**  
When searching for a customer record under `Sales Receipt > Customer`, tapping a customer with the empty **loyalty program opt-in** field in the list of search results didn't add that customer to the transaction. Instead, the **Loyalty Program Opt-In** prompt dialog appeared, and the list of search results remained open. 

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, on tapping a customer in the search results, that customer is added to the transaction, and only then the **Loyalty Program Opt-In** dialog comes up. 

### Customer: Lookup fields reset to the default value

`Build 6.41.352: DS-4133`

**Issue**  
When creating a new customer under `Customers > New Customer > Edit Full Form`, already filled out lookup fields (such as **Gender**, **Birthdate**, **Membership Type**, etc.) could change to the default value if the user edited the **GENERAL INFORMATION** section, for example, changed the **First Name**. 

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, lookup fields stay populated when the user makes changes to the record.

### Additional testing of Sales Receipt workflows with RT fiscal printer

`Build 6.41.352: DS-4393`

To ensure that all fiscal data is recorded and printed correctly, we've performed additional testing of workflows related to making Sales Receipts in POS with connected RT (Italian: Registratore Telematico) fiscal printer. 

The following scenarios were tested:

- adding a customer to the transaction
- adding items to the transaction
- adding global discounts to the transaction
- accepting a lottery number 
- finalizing with the following payment types: Cash, Adyen Credit Card, and Credit Memo
- performing a Verified Return
- performing an Open Return
- voiding/reversing a transaction

### Incomplete information in printing error logs

`Build 6.41.377: DS-4280`

Prior to version 6.41.377, information logged when a printing error occurred in POS was incomplete. In particular, only the name of the error was recorded. 

The issue has been fixed. Now, error logs include contextual information, such as the number of POS printing area where the issue occurred, the ObjectID parameter assigned to the printing document, and so on.

### POS stops working when a printing error occurs

`Build 6.41.377: DS-4297`

We've fixed the issue where POS PRO could occasionally crash when an error occurred during document printing. 

Now, if printing fails, POS shows a standard printing error and then continues working as expected. 

### Credit Memo related security rights not working

`Build 6.41.377: DS-4484`

**Issue**  
The **Take credit memo payment** and **Issue credit memo** security rights did not grant users in POS PRO with the respective capabilities.   
In particular, a user who had both security rights still wasn't able to take Credit Memo payments and issue Credit Memos for refunds. On attempting to do so, the **Insufficient Rights** error message would appear.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, the **Take credit memo payment** and **Issue credit memo** security rights work as expected.

### Verified Return: Incorrect Change Due in case of credit card refund

`Build 6.41.377: DS-4411`

**Issue**  
When users performed a Verified Return, after the payment had been refunded in full to the credit card, the `Change Due` field would sometimes show `-$0.00`. Also, the **FINALIZE** button would be disabled.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed. Now, after the payment is refunded in full, `Change Due` is set to `0.00` as expected, and it is possible to select the **FINALIZE** button. 

### Promotion incorrectly applied to excluded items

`Build 6.41.377: DS-4523`

Prior to version 6.41.377, POS could incorrectly apply a promotion to sale items under `Sales Receipt > Cart`. 

In particular, if the promo was to be applied only to a group of items, and there were excluded items configured for that group (`chq > inventory > promo groups > [selected promo group] > the excluded items section`), POS could incorrectly apply the promo to the excluded items.

The issue has been fixed. Now, as expected, POS does not apply promotions to items that are excluded from promo groups. 

### Global Payments: Full payment approved even if card balance is insufficient
​
`Build 6.41.387: DS-4534`

Clients using Global Payments integration could experience issues with prepaid card (for example, Visa gift card) payments. 

In particular, POS would show full payment approval even if the card balance was insufficient. At the same time, only a partial payment was authorized on the Global Payments side.

To resolve this issue, we've added support of partial payments for the Global Payments integration. Now, if card balance is insufficient, POS shows approval for a partial amount.

### Inability to re-release a Reserve Order

`Build 6.41.387: DS-4567`

Prior to version 6.41.387, it was sometimes impossible to re-release a Reserve Order if one of the items had been cancelled. When the user tapped **Re-Release** under `Reserve Orders > [selected Reserve Order] > Items`, the **Server Unavailable** error message would display. 

The issue has been fixed. Now, if an item has been cancelled, the Reserve Order can be re-released as expected.

### POS PRO sync failure

`Build 6.41.387: DS-4528`

We've fixed the issue where POS PRO couldn't sync due to the `Post in and out dates and user should be empty for held transfer memo` error even if there were no held Transfer Memos on that device. 

### Global Payments: POS displays error on successful payment

`Build 6.41.393: DS-4603`

Prior to version 6.41.393, POS could display an incorrect payment status when working in conjunction with a Global Payments terminal.

In particular, POS displayed a payment processing error although the payment was actually accepted at the Global Payments side. That led to a second payment attempt resulting in a duplicate charge.

The issue has been fixed. Now, if Global Payments accepts the payment, POS displays `Approved` as expected. 

## Impacted Areas

Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite allows for unique client-specific configurations. If the above is your case, we recommend that the areas and workflows listed below be additionally checked to ensure the existing functionality works as expected in conjunction with the newly released features.
{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that the information below does not include details on the configurations and conditions required for testing the new features. For detailed information, see the respective feature description in this release guide.
{{% /notice %}}
**Feature**|**Impact**|
:-----------|:-----------|
Review Orders|Test workflows related to creating a Review Order and converting the latter to a sale.|
Adding Credit Memo service item to Sales Receipt|Check workflows related to finalizing a sale with a Credit Memo item added. Then, test making a Verified Return against that sale. Additionally, check that the new Credit Memo section is available in customer records.|
Multi-shift Drawer Memo|Test workflows related to creating multiple linked shift Drawer Memos and then finalizing the sequence via the End of Day process.|
Controlling availability of payment methods for Open Returns|In CHQ, configure the preferred payment method to be available for Open Return refunds. In POS, test workflows related to completing an Open Return. Check that only the configured payment method is available for refunding.|
Support of new setting: Only the user who created the Drawer Memo can start new sales|In CHQ, configure the new setting. In POS, check that only the user who completed the Start of Day process can perform sales-related functions.|
New Ship Memo types added|Test workflows related to processing new Ship Memo types.|
External Ship Memos|Test workflows related to processing External Ship Memos of different types.|
Sales Receipt: Multiple associates at the item level|Test workflows related to assigning multiple associates to a sale item. Additionally, define the associates' percentages manually.|
Updated availability of gift card items for company locations|Test workflows related to selling physical and virtual gift cards. Check that available gift card items display based on the configuration of the **allowed gift card items** setting in CHQ.|
Assigning Verified Returns to the original sale location|Test workflows related to making a Verified Return of an item that was sold at a different location. In CHQ, the original sale location must have the **items sold from this location assigned here on return** checkbox selected.|
Shipments list view: New Ship Method column|In CHQ, add the Ship Method column for display via v6 App Designer. In POS, check the display of the column under Shipments > Outgoing.|
Integration with Global Payments|Test workflows related to credit card transactions with Global Payments processing configured.|
Preparing POS for database diagnostics|Test enabling the diagnostic mode in POS.|
Sales Receipt: Open the Availability view from the item edit area|Test opening the Availability view from `Sales Receipt > Cart > [item name] – edit` area.|
Applying a ship-to or store pickup address to multiple items in Cart|Test workflows related to initiating a Ship to Customer and Store Pick Up transaction in a new sale. Pay attention to the new capability to quickly apply a ship/store pickup address to items in Cart.|
The display of the Attribute values is configured at the backend|In various areas of POS where item attributes are available, check that the correct set of attribute values is displayed (for example, Attribute 1–2 and not Attribute 1–2 Alias).|
Extended search for Send Sales via the Find Receipt feature|Under `Sales Receipt > Find Receipt`, test searching for a transaction with Ship to Customer items. Check that the search additionally returns the associated Sales Receipt (created after Ship Memo fulfillment).|
Adyen Credit Card payment: Manual entry of card details|Test workflows related to finalizing a sale with Adyen credit card payment. Check the capability to select new Manual Key Entry and Mail Order/Telephone Order options in POS and then manually enter card details on the connected terminal.|

{{% notice warning %}}
WE DO NOT WARRANT AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY VENDOR’S PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. ALL SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE IS ACQUIRED SUBJECT TO THE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, AND OTHER TERMS PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER OR SUPPLIER OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT.   YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH ANY SUCH MANUFACTURER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, OR OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO LOOK SOLELY TO THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR OF THE PRODUCT FOR MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO RESOLUTION OF SYSTEM ERRORS, BUGS, PATCHES, HOT FIXES, ETC. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, INCLUDING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES IN THE EVENT A THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE GIVES RISE TO AN INFRINGEMENT CLAIM, WILL BE AGAINST THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR AND NOT AGAINST US.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE VERSION OF THE PROGRAM SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING ANY UNDERLYING THIRD PARTY TECHNOLOGIES AND/OR PLATFORMS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH SAME, MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER DATA, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL FURNISHED TO USER HEREUNDER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONDITION THEREOF; AND WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.
{{% /notice %}}
<br>
<br>
[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/POS%20PRO%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.41.pdf)