---
title: "Version 6.43"
date: 2023-03-01T11:48:43+02:00
draft: false
weight: 88
---

[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/POS%20PRO%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.43.pdf)

## Feature Descriptions

### Device Serial Number added to POS

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-14829`

We’ve added the display of Device Serial Number to POS. Additionally, POS will now send this number to CHQ during synchronization.

#### Purpose

Starting from iOS 16, POS can no longer automatically retrieve device serial number from iOS settings when initializing/reinitializing. To make the device serial number available in POS and in CHQ device controller, the number now has to be manually entered in the Teamwork Certificate app. 

Sending the device serial number to CHQ during synchronization allows the company to keep track of active devices at a company location. 

{{% notice tip %}}
In CHQ, the device serial number field is available under `services > device controller > [your device record] > general`.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Device Serial Number display in Settings

In POS, the **Device Serial Number** field has been added under `Settings > General Info`.

{{% notice note %}}
For Device Serial Number to be available in POS, the number must be entered in the Teamwork Certificate app installed on the same device.  
Please be advised that device serial number is not required for POS initialization.  
POS doesn’t validate the device serial number supplied from the Teamwork Certificate app. It is the user’s responsibility to provide a correct number.
{{% /notice %}}

### Multi-language product/item custom fields

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-13586`

In Teamwork Commerce PRO, we’ve added the capability to add translations for custom product and item fields as well as product and item lookup values.

#### Purpose

The capability to add translations improves the accessibility of POS for users from different countries.

Added translations display in POS when the app interface is set to the respective language. For example, if French translation has been added for **custom date 1** field, and POS language is set to French, the translated field label will appear in POS.

If translations are not defined for the app interface language, the default label or lookup value displays in POS. 

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, translations for product and item custom fields can be added under `settings > inventory / catalog > custom fields > product and settings > inventory / catalog > custom fields > item`, respectively.

To add a translation, in the list, double-click the required field. In the dialog that opens, click the **globe** icon next to the **label** field. 

#### Fields that can be translated

Starting from version 6.43.107, translations can be added for the following product/item fields:

- product/item custom lookup 1 - 12		
- product/item custom multi-select 1 - 12		
- product/item custom text 1 - 12		
- product/item custom long text 1 - 18		
- product/item custom flag 1 - 18		
- product/item custom date 1 - 12		
- product/item custom number 1 - 12		
- product/item custom decimal 1 - 12

### Support for new setting: Spread promo discount
<a name="support-for-new-setting-spread-promo-discount"></a>
`Build 6.43.107: PRO-15695`

We’ve added support for the new **spread promo discount** setting that applies to the **Buy X, Get Y** promotion. 

If this setting is turned on at the promo level, when adding Buy X, Get Y promo items to a Sales Receipt in POS, the promo discount is spread among the “buy” and “get” items. Alternatively, if the setting is disabled, the existing logic is utilized where the discount is applied only to the “get” items. 

#### Configuration in CHQ

In CHQ, the **spread promo discount** setting is available under s`ales > promotion engine > [new Buy X, Get Y promo] or [existing Buy X, Get Y promo] > general`: {{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide1.jpg" width="600px"%}}
The **spread promo discount** checkbox is cleared by default.				

### Restricting the display of historical transactions to device fiscal zone

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-15698`

In POS, we’ve introduced support for the **display device fiscal zone only** setting that allows for restricting the display of historical transactions to the fiscal zone of the device. 

If this setting is turned on, only transactions made at locations within the same fiscal zone display in search results and lists of historical transactions. 

The setting applies to the following POS areas:

- **Purchase History** accessed from `Sales Receipt > Customer tab > [search for a customer] > See More`
- **Purchase History** accessed from `Customer > [search for a customer] > See More`
- **Purchase History** accessed from `Sales Receipt > New Review Order > Customer tab > [search for a customer] > See More`
- `Sales Receipt > Find Receipt > [search for or scan a receipt]`
- `Sales Receipts > Sales History`
- `Sales Receipts > Find Receipt > [search for or scan a receipt]`
- `Sales Receipts > Review tab`
- `Sales Receipts > Review tab > Find Review > [search for a Review Order]`

Additionally, the **display device fiscal zone only** setting applies to the **Location** filter in the **Purchase History**, **Sales History**, and **Review** areas. If the setting is turned on, it’s not possible to filter transactions by a location from a different fiscal zone. 

Please be advised that, if a location is not assigned to any fiscal zone, and the **display device fiscal zone only** setting is turned on, the user won’t be able to search for transactions created at that location. A location without a defined fiscal zone is a configuration error. 

#### Configuration in CHQ

To enable the **display device fiscal zone only** setting in CHQ, go to `settings > sales > POS settings > sales history` section. If the checkbox is cleared, historical transactions in POS are not filtered by the device fiscal zone.

### Support for Adyen store-and-forward payments 

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-16111`

We’ve introduced an update that allows for using the Adyen store-and-forward payment feature in conjunction with POS PRO. 

#### Purpose

Store-and-forward is a type of offline payment where the terminal approves payments without verification. This feature provides the retailer with increased flexibility in regards to card payments if internet connection is temporarily lost. 

If a store-and-forward payment is approved, the terminal stores the card data and transaction details. When the internet connection is restored, the stored payment is sent to the Adyen platform for further processing. 

{{% notice note %}}
To reduce risks associated with taking store-and-forward payments, the retailer must configure store-and-forward settings in their Adyen account, such as the maximum allowed payment amount and the maximum number of store-and-forward transactions per terminal.  
To learn more about Store and Forward in Adyen, refer to [Adyen documentation on offline payments](https://docs.adyen.com/point-of-sale/offline-payment). 
{{% /notice %}}

#### Taking store-and-forward payments

In POS PRO, the steps to processing a store-and-forward payment are the same as for taking an online payment.

To take a store-and-forward payment:

1. In POS, select **New Sale** and then configure your Sales Receipt as required.
2. Tap **PAY**.
3. On the **Payments** screen, choose **[your Adyen credit card payment method]** from the list of payment options. 
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide2.jpg" width="600px"%}}
4. Enter the payment due and then tap **PROCESS PAYMENT**.
5. When the **Waiting for terminal…** screen appears in POS, have the customer insert, swipe, or tap their card on the payment terminal.  
After the payment is approved, in POS, the **Approved** icon as well as the details of the taken payment appear. 
6. **Finalize** the transaction.

### Customer: New Recent Customers list and updated search criteria

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-14397`

We’ve made updates to the **Customer** tab available in several POS areas. In particular, the following changes have been introduced: 

- new **Show / Hide Recent Customers** option has been added
- the layout and function of customer search criteria (such as **Name**, **Phone**, **Email**, etc.) have been updated
- the look of the **Scan** button and position of the **Create New Customer** option have been changed

#### Purpose

The **RECENT CUSTOMERS** feature is useful for retailers that allow customers to self-register in stores via Teamwork POS Customer Capture Mode or a third-party application. For example, if a customer registers via Customer Capture Mode shortly before making a purchase, a new customer record is created and synchronized with all POS devices at that store, becoming available in the **RECENT CUSTOMERS** list in the **Sales Receipt** area.

When the customer proceeds to checkout, a store associate can quickly select the required customer record from **RECENT CUSTOMERS** instead of searching by the customer's name.

#### Configuring customer search criteria in CHQ 

Starting from version 6.43.107, the criteria for customer search display as buttons above the search field in POS:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide3.jpg" width="600px"%}}

In CHQ, users can define what search criteria should display and the order they appear in POS under company `settings > v6 App Designer > Point of Sale v6 > iPad > Customer > Customer Search Fields`. It’s possible to add the following fields:

- All
- Name
- Phone
- Email
- Member Code
- Credit Memo #
- External ID

The **All**, **Name**, **Phone**, and **Email** fields are added by default. The user can add or remove any option except **All**.

Additionally, it’s possible to move the options up or down to define their order in POS.

#### New RECENT CUSTOMERS section

The new **Show / Hide Recent Customers** option has been added below the customer search field:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide4.jpg" width="600px"%}}

{{% notice note %}}
The **RECENT CUSTOMERS** list has been added to the following POS areas:

- `Sales Receipt > Customer tab`
- `Review Order > Customer tab`
- `Reserve Order > Customer tab`
{{% /notice %}}

When expanded, the **RECENT CUSTOMERS** section shows customers that have registered on the same day when the current transaction is started. The list is sorted by the most recent registrations in descending order and is limited to the current location. 

In the list, the following customer information is available:

- first and last name
- phone number
- email address

Tapping a customer from the **RECENT CUSTOMERS** list adds that customer to the transaction. 

Alternatively, if there are no records to display, the standard `No records found` message is shown instead. If the server is unavailable, the `Server unavailable - Try Again` message appears:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide5.jpg" width="600px"%}}

#### Updated customer search criteria

Previously, customer search criteria displayed in a pop-up menu next to the customer search field. Starting from version 6.43.107, search criteria appear as individual buttons above the search field:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide6.jpg" width="600px"%}}

The user can tap, for example, **Member Code** to search exclusively by the customer’s membership. Note that changing search criteria clears any value previously entered in the search field.

If search by Fortress membership is available, the **Fortress** option always appears first in the list:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide7.jpg" width="600px"%}}

Additionally, if **Name** is selected, the user can now search separately by **Last Name** and **First Name**: 
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide8.jpg" width="600px"%}}

For all search criteria, a minimum of three-character input is now required. If less than three characters are entered, on pressing **enter** on the virtual keyboard, the user will get the `Minimum 3 characters required for search` toast message:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide9.jpg" width="600px"%}}

#### Updated Scan and Create New Customer buttons

On the **Customer** tab of the **Sales Receipt** and **Review Order** area, the look of the **Scan** button has been updated to be consistent with other POS areas:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide10.jpg" width="600px"%}}

Additionally, in the **Sales Receipt**, **Review Order**, and **Reserve Order** areas, the **Create New Customer** option has been moved to the bottom: 
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide11.jpg" width="600px"%}}

### Extended Verified Returns of promo-grouped items

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-14197`

We’ve updated the logic behind making a Verified Return of items grouped in a promotion set.

{{% notice info %}}
Promo-grouped items are items that have been originally sold as a promo set. For example, in **Buy X, Get Y** promotion, items X and Y are promo-grouped and have been sold together on a specific condition.  
Please be advised that the following promotion types include promo-grouped items:

- Buy X, Get Y
- Spend More, Get More
- Buy (at least) X, Get Discount
- Buy Multiples of X, Get Discount
{{% /notice %}}

The existing rules based on which such returns are performed in POS (`warn and allow` and `require all items from promo set are returned together`) have been extended with the new `allow` option.

#### Purpose

Processing returns of items that were sold as part of a promo set can present a challenge to the business, especially since such returns may be subject to fraud.

In Teamwork Commerce PRO, retailers can configure rules based on which such returns are processed in POS. For clients that, for example, use the spread promo discount option (see [Support for new setting: Spread promo discount](#support-for-new-setting-spread-promo-discount) in this Release Guide) and want to allow customers to return a single item within a promo set, the new `allow` rule has been added.

If `allow` is configured, in POS, users can accept a return of any item or any combination of items from a sold promo set.

#### Configuration in CHQ

To configure the rule based on which Verified Returns of promo-grouped items are made in POS, in CHQ, configure the **grouped promo items partial return** setting.

To configure, go to `sales > promotion engine > [your promotion] > options tab > the receipt conditions section` and then select the **promo returns** checkbox. In the **grouped promo items partial return** field that appears, select one of the following:

- `allow`: allows POS user to accept a return of any item from a promo set without restriction
- `warn and allow`: allows POS user to accept a return of any item from a promo set but warns that the item was sold in a promo set
- `require all items from promo set are returned together`: requires POS user to return all items from a promo set. If the customer wants to keep an item from the promo set, that item has to be resold in a new transaction

{{% notice note %}}
The **promo returns** setting group has been removed from the **Spend more, get more** promotion type.  
There are no restrictions applied to return of items from **Spend more, get more** promo groups.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Verified Return of promo-grouped items if `allow` is configured

If `allow` is configured for the **grouped promo items partial return** setting, in the **Return** area of POS PRO, users can select for return any item from a promo set without warning or restriction. 

{{% notice tip %}}
For details on how Verified Return of promo items are processed if `warn and allow` or `require all items from promo set are returned together` is configured, see [Verified Return of promo-grouped items](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/relguides/6.42_mobile_rel_guide/#verified-return-of-promo-grouped-items) in POS Release Guide Version 6.42.
{{% /notice %}}

### Simplified promo application logic

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-15408`

Starting from version 6.43.107, we’ve simplified the application logic of **Buy X, Get Y**, **Buy X, Get Discount**, and **Buy (at least) X, Get Discount** promotions.

Previously, Teamwork promotion engine allowed for partial application of the above promos if the promo item had quantity less than `1`, for example, `0.8`. We’re now removing the logic associated with this capability to simplify promo calculation in Verified Returns of promo items. 

Now, if an item quantity is less than the quantity required for activating the promo (for example, in **Buy 1, Get 1**, `1` is the required quantity), the item is simply skipped from the calculation process. 

#### Extended ReceiptItemPromo table

As a part of this update, at the backend, we’ve extended the ReceiptItemPromo table with the following new fields:

- PromotionID: contains the unique ID of the promo
- ReturnedReceiptItemPromoID: in case of return, contains the ID of ReceiptItemPromo from the original receipt

This update was made to prepare for introduction of the logic based on which, in Verified Returns, all item data from the original transaction is copied to the return item.

### Changes to data transfer from the original sale to Verified Return

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-15409`

To ensure that Teamwork Commerce software can meet fiscal requirements of various countries, we’ve enhanced how transaction details are carried over from the original sale to the Verified Return.

To attain more accuracy in calculation of the return amount as well as maintain the data inalterability principle, we’ve made the following updates at the backend:

- adjusted how item, discount, promo, sales associate, and tax related values are carried over to the return transaction and recalculated based on return quantity 
- blocked recalculations at the return item level
- moved calculation of loyalty reward points for return items from CHQ to POS level.

### Spain fiscalization: Converting a simple invoice to complete invoice post-purchase

`Build 6.43.107: PRO-15584`

We’ve added the capability to issue a complete invoice post-purchase for locations in Spain that have the **fiscal** setting enabled (`chq > settings > location settings > locations / location settings > new or [existing Spanish location] > details tab > the address section`).

This is useful in situations where, at the time of the sale, a simple invoice (regular sales receipt) was issued as proof of purchase, and the customer has returned to the store to ask for a complete invoice. In this case, users can convert the finalized sales receipt to an invoice.

{{% notice note %}}
Issuing a complete invoice from a finalized transaction is not allowed if:

- an item from that transaction has been returned
- the transaction has been voided/reversed.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Converting a sales receipt to an invoice

To convert a sales receipt to an invoice:

1. Under `Sales Receipts > Sales History` or `Sales Receipts > Device History`, find and open the finalized sales receipt you want to convert. Use the **Find Receipt** feature or filters to do so.
2. In the **Return** area that opens, in the right-side panel, tap **View** in the **Trans #** field. On tapping, the full view of the finalized receipt appears.
3. At the bottom, tap the **Invoice** tab and then turn on the **Issue Invoice** switch: 
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide12.jpg" width="400px"%}}
4. If the original transaction didn’t have a registered customer, the **Invoice Information** dialog will appear.  
In the dialog, fill out customer fiscal information and then tap **Done**.
5. Once the customer’s fiscal information is saved, back in the **Sales Receipt** area, the **VIEW** button becomes available on the **Invoice** tab:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide13.jpg" width="400px"%}}
Tap **VIEW** to review customer fiscal information.  
6. Additionally, you can now configure the **Print** or **Email** option and then tap **Print / Email** to print or email the invoice respectively. 

Please be advised that if a return has been made against the original sales receipt, converting to a complete invoice is not possible. The following message will appear on the **Invoice** print/email tab:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide14.jpg" width="400px"%}}
Additionally, if a complete invoice has been issued for the receipt, or the receipt has been voided/reversed, the following message will appear on the **Sales Receipt** print/email tab: 
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide15.jpg" width="400px"%}}

### NF525: Updated sorting of FiscalReceiptTax table records

`Build 6.43.128: PRO-16365`

We've updated how records are ordered in the FiscalReceiptTax table. Previously, the table records were sorted by the isFiscalized value in combination with the VatRate value in ascending order.

{{% notice info %}}
In the FiscalReceiptTax table, the isFiscalized field may have one of the following values:
- "0": if the item is a gift card (not fiscalized)
- "1": if the item is not a gift card (fiscalized)
{{% /notice %}}

Starting from version 6.43.128, the primary ordering is done by the VatRate value in descending order, and secondary – by the isFiscalized value in ascending order. This update ensures that data stored in the FiscalReceiptTax table is correctly supplied for the generation of the receipt electronic signature.

## Issue Resolutions

### Incorrect Change Due amount displayed on the Sale Complete screen

`Build 6.43.107: DS-4478`

We’ve corrected how **Change Due** displays in the **Sale Complete** area of POS PRO.

Prior to version 6.43.107, **Change Due** in the **Sale Complete** area would be `0.00` under the following conditions:

- a Cash payment was present on the receipt where the customer paid more than the receipt total. For example, the receipt total was `240.00`, and the customer paid `250.00`
- after taking the payment, in the **Payments** area, the user selected the Cash payment method to give change to the customer (made a “negative payment”)
{{% notice note %}}
The issue occurred in environments where the **manual select payment method for change due before finalize** checkbox was selected under `chq > settings > sales > sales documents > the payments section`.
{{% /notice %}}

We’ve changed how the **Change Due** amount displays in the Sale Complete area under the conditions described above. Now, the **Change Due** field continues showing the change due amount even if the user created a negative Cash payment record to give change. 

That allows for informing the store associate of the change due amount when the cash drawer opens automatically on the **Sale Complete** screen. 

### Unable to make and upload a POS copy backup

`Build 6.43.107: DS-2680`

Occasionally, clients could encounter an issue where making a copy backup of POS (`Settings > Administration > Copy Backup > Select to Begin`) could fail with the `Impossible to analyze the answer` error message. 

To resolve the issue, we’ve added support for resumable backup uploads. Now, if the first attempt to upload a copy backup fails, the next attempt is made automatically. 

### Issue when applying two types of coupons to a Sales Receipt

`Build 6.43.74: DS-4800`

Prior to version 6.43.74, when the user applied a coupon generated by the reward program to a sale and then applied a coupon that activates a promotion, the discount from the reward program coupon failed to apply. Additionally, that coupon would be marked as used even though the discount didn’t work.

We’ve fixed the issue, and the discount from a reward program coupon is now accurately  applied to the sales receipt even if a promo coupon is applied later. 

### Unable to open a finalized Sales Receipt with a sold gift card 

`Build 6.43.107: DS-4831`

We’ve fixed the issue where, under `Sales Receipts > Sales History` in POS, the user was unable to open a finalized Sales Receipt where a sold gift card was present The issue occurred both when tapping a Sales Receipt in the list and searching via the **Find Receipt** feature.

### Issue with touchpoints

`Build 6.43.107: DS-4887`

We’ve encountered an issue with touchpoints in the **New Customer**, **Postal Address**, and **Shipping Address** edit areas, where the user was able to tap only a part of a field to initiate input. 

The issue has been resolved. In the areas specified above, the user can now tap anywhere in a field to enter a value. 

### Find Receipt: Added search by CC Last 4

`Build 6.43.107: DS-4879`

Under `Sales Receipts > Sales History > Find Receipt`, we’ve added the capability to search for finalized transactions by the last 4 digits of the credit card.

### Payments: The Email label is grayed out

`Build 6.43.107: DS-4867`

We’ve encountered an issue where the **Email** label in the **Payments** area in POS appeared grayed out even though it was available for selection. 

The issue has been fixed. The **Email** label now appears black as expected. 

### Send Sale: Incorrect membership level and expiration date displayed

`Build 6.43.107: DS-4884`

Prior to version 6.43.107, after a Ship to Customer transaction was finalized in POS where a membership discount was applied to an item, incorrect membership related details would display in CHQ under `sales > order management > [selected Send Sale order] > customer > the membership section`. In particular, the **membership** field could display an incorrect membership level, and the **expires** field would be empty. 

We’ve fixed the issue and, under the conditions described above, correct membership details now display at the Sales Order level in CHQ. 

### Gift card without a number is incorrectly added to a sale 

`Build 6.43.107: DS-4786`

Prior to version 6.43.107, it was possible to sell a gift card without a number in POS by doing the following:

1. Under `Sales Receipt > Cart`, open the **Gift Card Purchase** dialog by tapping **GC Purchase** or searching for a gift card item in the **Search** field.
2. In the **Gift Card Purchase** dialog, leave the **Gift Card Search** field empty and tap **enter** on the virtual keyboard.
3. Tap **Sell Gift Card Offline**.
4. In the **Add Amount** field, enter an amount and then tap **Done**.
5. Accept a payment and then finalize the transaction.

Later, POS synchronization would fail as transactions with such gift cards couldn’t be posted in CHQ. 

To resolve the issue, we’ve added a validation for the **Gift Card Search** field in the **Gift Card Purchase** dialog. Now, gift card search is not initiated if the **Gift Card Search** field is empty. 

Additionally, the same validation has been added to the **Gift Card Balance**, **Gift Card Transfer**, and **[Gift Card payment method]** dialogs. 

### Unable to finalize imported held Sales Receipt 

`Build 6.43.107: DS-4720`

**Issue**  
Previously, clients could encounter an issue where POS would crash when finalizing held Sales Receipts imported using the JSON-based Sales Receipt Import API. That prevented clients from successfully recovering and processing held receipts.

**Resolution**  
The issue has been fixed, and imported held receipts are now finalized as expected.

### Transfer Memos: Items with duplicated line numbers

`Build 6.43.128: DS-5140`

We’ve fixed the issue where items on Transfer Memo could have duplicated line numbers (ItemLineNo). 

This happened if one item was deleted and a new one was added to Transfer Memo with several items. In that case, the newly added item received a duplicated line number, as line numbers were assigned based on total item quantity in the document. For example:
{{% gimg src="V6.43 POS Rel Guide/6.43_pos_rel_guide16.jpg" width="450px"%}}

To fix the issue we’ve corrected the logic behind LineNo generation in Transfer Memos. Now, LineNo is calculated as `max existing line number + 1` (see **Expected** in the table above). 

### Unable to initialize POS 

`Build 6.43.128: DS-5053`

Prior to version 6.43.128, POS PRO init was sometimes stuck in the `Initializing...` status and never completed. The issue has been fixed, and POS can now be initialized as expected.

## Impacted Areas

Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite allows for unique client-specific configurations. If the above is your case, we recommend that the areas and workflows listed below be additionally checked to ensure the existing functionality works as expected in conjunction with the newly released features.
{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that the information below does not include details on the configurations and conditions required for testing the new features. For detailed information, see the respective feature description in this release guide.
{{% /notice %}}
**Feature**|**Impact**|
:-----------|:-----------|
Device Serial Number added to POS| Enter your device serial number in the Teamwork Certificate app. In POS Settings, check that the supplied device serial number is displayed.|
Multi-language product/item custom fields|In CHQ, add translations for product and item custom fields. In POS, choose the respective app interface language and then check the display of translated fields and values across POS areas.|
Support for new setting: Spread promo discount| Test workflows related to the application of a **Buy X, Get Y** promo with enabled **spread promo discount** setting.|
Restricting the display of historical transactions to device fiscal zone|In CHQ, enable the **display device fiscal zone only** setting. Check the display of historical transactions in POS, for example, in the **Purchase History** area.|
Support for Adyen store-and-forward payments| Test workflows related to taking Adyen payments with enabled store-and-forward payment feature.|
Customer: New Recent Customers list and updated search criteria| Test workflows related to searching for and adding a customer in the Sales Receipt, Reserve Order, and Review Order areas.|
Extended Verified Returns of promo-grouped items| In CHQ, define how Verified Returns of promo-grouped items should be processed. In POS, test workflows related to performing a Verified Return of an item from a promo group.|
Simplified promo application logic| Test workflows related to the application of the **Buy X, Get Y**, **Buy X, Get Discount**, and **Buy (at least) X, Get Discount** promo types.|
Spain fiscalization: Converting a simple invoice to complete invoice post-purchase| For locations in Spain, test workflows related to finalizing a transaction, viewing the finalized receipt, and converting the receipt to an invoice.|

{{% notice warning %}}
WE DO NOT WARRANT AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY VENDOR’S PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. ALL SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE IS ACQUIRED SUBJECT TO THE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, AND OTHER TERMS PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER OR SUPPLIER OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT.   YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH ANY SUCH MANUFACTURER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, OR OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO LOOK SOLELY TO THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR OF THE PRODUCT FOR MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO RESOLUTION OF SYSTEM ERRORS, BUGS, PATCHES, HOT FIXES, ETC. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, INCLUDING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES IN THE EVENT A THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE GIVES RISE TO AN INFRINGEMENT CLAIM, WILL BE AGAINST THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR AND NOT AGAINST US.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE VERSION OF THE PROGRAM SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING ANY UNDERLYING THIRD PARTY TECHNOLOGIES AND/OR PLATFORMS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH SAME, MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER DATA, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL FURNISHED TO USER HEREUNDER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONDITION THEREOF; AND WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.
{{% /notice %}}
<br>
<br>
[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/POS%20PRO%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.43.pdf)