---
title: "Version 6.44"
date: 2023-03-17T18:05:54+02:00
draft: false
weight: 87
---
[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/POS%20PRO%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.44.pdf)

## Feature Descriptions

### Norway fiscalization

`Build 6.44.50: PRO-12441 `

In Teamwork Commerce POS PRO, the following have been updated to ensure compliance with Norwegian fiscal regulations:

- printing/emailing of transactional documents
- event logging
- accessing Z and X reports

#### Updates to receipt printing

In accordance with Norwegian fiscal regulations, Sales Receipts must be *printed* or *emailed* to the customer during transaction finalization.

Resulting from the above, POS PRO users should:

- select to print Sales Receipt or a store copy, and/or

- select to email Sales Receipt.

Each Sales Receipt contains a *unique digital signature*.

The `No Print` and `Print Preview` options are not available for users in the case of Sales Receipts or store copies.

If emailing is selected in addition to printing, the emailed version contains the "Copy” indicator. According to Norwegian fiscal law, only **one** copy of the document is allowed after the initial printing/emailing. Further copies are prevented by POS PRO.

{{% notice warning %}}
Please be advised that the above restrictions do not apply to Gift Receipt printing. Additionally, each Gift Receipt contains the “Provisional Receipt” indication.
{{% /notice %}}

In the case of returns (if at least one return item, open or verified, is on the receipt), the printed/emailed document contains the “Return Receipt” indication.

In the case of void/reverse, receipt must be printed while performing the operation. Emailing is available only from **Sales History**.

#### Rounding rules

For cash payments, POS PRO rounds to the nearest whole unit.

For electronic payments (all except cash payment), POS PRO rounds based on the currency, to the hundredths (0.00). 

Thousands are expressed with a period and decimals with a comma (for example, 4.567,89 = $4,567.89). This is configured in iOS settings.

#### Event logging

Teamwork Commerce Suite (POS PRO and CHQ) records  supported events in accordance with the list provided in the *Event Codes – PredefinedBasicID-13* section of the [Norwegian SAF-T Cash Register data](https://www.skatteetaten.no/globalassets/bedrift-og-organisasjon/starte-og-drive/rutiner-regnskap-og-kassasystem/saf-t-regnskap/oppdateringer/norwegian-saf-t-cash-register-data---code-lists-v-1_2.pdf) document:

{{% gimg src="V6.44 POS Release Guide/6.44_pos_relguide.png" width="550px"%}}

#### Accessing Z and X Reports in POS PRO

In POS PRO, X-Reports and Z-Reports are available under **Settings**, on the **General Info** tab, if the device location is in Norway:

{{% gimg src="V6.44 POS Release Guide/6.44_pos_relguide_1.png" width="500px"%}}

Tapping the required report name opens the respective area where the list of all available reports (Z or X respectively) is shown for this location. 

For example, **Z Reports**:

{{% gimg src="V6.44 POS Release Guide/6.44_pos_relguide_2.png" width="500px"%}}

In the area, the following basic information on reports is available:

- **Report Date/Time**: the date and time of report creation in CHQ
- **Fiscal Date**: fiscal date from the database
- **Drawer Station**: the name of the drawer station for which this report was created
- **Device ID**: the ID of the device for which this report was created
- **Report ID**: unique ID of this report

Tapping the required report record allows for printing and/or saving this report.

{{% notice note %}}
In the case of X Reports, in the **X Reports** area of POS PRO, on the top right, there is the **Generate X-Report** option that allows for generating X reports for the current device.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

[V6.44 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.44_chq_relguide/)

### Automatically added and suggested fees

`Build 6.44.50: PRO-16288 `

In POS PRO, we've added the following capabilities:

- automatically add or prompt the user to add an item-level fee in Sales Receipts and Review Orders

- prompt the user to add global fees when **PAY** is tapped in the **Sales Receipt** area or **Release** in the **Review Order** area

#### Purpose

In some locations, it is required by law to charge specific fees, such as a fee for single-use bags in California. 

This update allows retailers to automate the application of such fees to Sales Receipts and Review Orders or, alternatively, remind store associates that a fee may be applicable. 

#### Configuration in CHQ

To define a fee that should be automatically added to or suggested for an item in POS, in CHQ under `inventory > catalog > [selected item] > general > control & usage section`, configure the **fee auto add** field:

{{% gimg src="V6.44 POS Release Guide/6.44_pos_relguide_3.png" width="700px"%}}

Below, in the **default fee auto add amount** field, optionally set the fee amount.

If a default fee is defined at the item level, at the time of sale, POS will look to the **prompt** setting to determine whether that fee has to be added automatically, suggested, or if no action at all is required.

To configure the **prompt** setting, go to `chq > settings > sales > fees > [select existing fee / select “new” to create a new fee]`.  
In the **prompt** field, select one of the following options:

- `no prompt`: the associate can add the fee manually, but POS does not issue a reminder or add the fee automatically

- `auto-add`: the fee is automatically added to the sales receipt and the user is notified with the following toast message: `A fee was automatically added to the item`

- `auto-suggest`: POS prompts the associate to add the fee to the receipt

{{% notice info %}}
The **prompt** setting is applicable to line (item-level) fees only. Line fees have the **line fee** checkbox selected under `chq > settings > sales > fees > [selected fee]`.
{{% /notice %}}

Additionally, it’s possible to prompt the POS user to add a global fee when the user taps the **Pay** button in the **Sales Receipt** area or the **Release** button in the **Review Order** area. To enable prompts, under `chq > settings > sales > fees > [selected fee]`, select the **prompt for global fee on pay** checkbox.

{{% notice tip %}}
Global fees have the respective **global fee** checkbox selected under `chq > settings > sales > fees > [selected fee]`.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Line fees

If `auto-add` is configured in the **prompt** setting, the fee is added automatically once an eligible item is added to the Cart. 

The fee amount is retrieved from either:

- the **default fee auto-add amount** item-level setting (`chq > inventory > catalog > [selected item] > general > control & usage section`), or

- the **default $** or **default %** fee-level setting (`chq > settings > sales > fees > [selected fee]`) if **default fee auto-add amount** is not specified 

The user is notified with the following toast message: `A fee was automatically added to the item.`

If `auto-suggest` is configured in the **prompt** setting, the **[fee name]** dialog appears when the item is added to the Cart: 

{{% gimg src="V6.44 POS Release Guide/6.44_pos_relguide_4.png" width="400px"%}}

In the dialog, default **Percentage** and **Fee Amount** values are similarly retrieved from either:

- the **default fee auto-add amount** setting, or

- the **default $** or **default %** setting if **default fee auto-add amount** is not specified 

If the user selects **Done** in the dialog, the fee will be added to the receipt. If the user selects **Remove Fee** at the bottom or **Cancel**, they will be returned to the previous screen, and the fee will not be added.

#### Global fees

If the **prompt for global fee on pay** checkbox is selected in CHQ, the **[fee name]** dialog appears when the user taps **PAY** in the **Sales Receipt** area or **Release** in the **Review Order** area: 

{{% gimg src="V6.44 POS Release Guide/6.44_pos_relguide_4.png" width="400px"%}}

If the user selects **Done**, the fee will be added to the receipt. If the user selects **Remove Fee** or **Cancel**, they will be returned to the previous screen, and the fee will not be added.

If multiple global fees are set up in the retailer’s environment, each fee dialog is displayed in succession.

{{% notice info %}}
If the user has manually added the fee before proceeding to payments, the prompt for that fee will not appear.  
Additionally, if the user dismisses a fee on the first prompt, they will not be prompted again and will need to add the fee manually.
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.44 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.44_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Support of currency exchange rate groups

`Build 6.44.50: PRO-14060`

When processing foreign currency payments, POS now has the capability to apply the exchange rate that is assigned to the location via the **currency exchange rate group** setting. 

#### How do currency exchange rate groups work?

The **currency exchange rate group** setting allows the retailer to quickly apply an exchange rate to specific locations. This may be useful if some stores have to use an exchange rate that differs from the standard rate. 

To apply an exchange rate via the **currency exchange rate group** setting, in CHQ, it’s required to:

1. Create a currency exchange rate group under `settings > location settings > locations / location settings > currency exchange rate groups > new`

2. Assign a currency with the desired exchange rate to that group.  
To do so, go to `settings > company settings > currencies > [your currency] – exchange rates > [your foreign currency]`. Then, in the **currency exchange rate group** field, select your group from step 1:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 POS Release Guide/6.44_pos_relguide_5.png" width="400px"%}}
{{% notice note %}}
Note that the desired exchange take and give rates must be defined manually in the **take rate** and **give rate** sections (see the screenshot above).
{{% /notice %}}

3. Assign the desired locations to your currency exchange rate group.  
To do so, go to `settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [your location] > groups tab`. In the **currency exchange rate group**field, select your group:
{{% gimg src="V6.44 POS Release Guide/6.44_pos_relguide_6.png" width="700px"%}}

#### Application of currency exchange rate groups in POS

If a location is assigned to a currency exchange rate group, POS now applies the exchange rate of that group when processing respective foreign currency payments.

Alternatively, if a location is not assigned to a currency exchange rate group, the default base currency exchange rate is used (that is the rate of the currency record that is not assigned to a group). Additionally, the default exchange rate is used if the currency assigned to the group is not configured for the location. 

#### See also

- [V6.44 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.44_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

### Auto-populating City and State/Province when entering a postal code	

`Build 6.44.50: PRO-16198`

We’ve introduced an update that allows POS to autocomplete the **City** and **State/Province** fields in address blocks when the user enters a postal code. 

This update applies to address edit forms in the following POS areas:

- `Customer > New Customer`

- `Customer > New Customer > Edit Full Form`

- `Sales Receipt > Cart tab > [item name] – Edit > Ship tab`

- `Sales Receipt > Customer > Fiscal Information` (available at locations in Chile, Mexico, Peru, Colombia, and Panama)

- `Sales Receipt > Payments > Print/Email section > Invoice tab > Invoice Information` (available at locations in Spain, Germany, and France)

- `Reserve Order > Customer tab > New Customer > Edit Full Form`

- `Shipments > Outgoing > Ship Memo (Ship to Customer)  > Shipment tab` (both internal and external Ship Memos)

{{% notice info %}}
For the autocomplete to work, the postal code the user enters must be present in Teamwork’s database. If the user enters a postal code that is not stored in the database, POS will accept the entry but the **City** and **State/Province** fields will not be auto-populated. 
{{% /notice %}}

#### See also

- [V6.44 CHQ Release Guide](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/chq/relguides/6.44_chq_relguide/)
- [Mobile Quick Reference Guides](https://twdocs.netlify.app/userdoc/pos/qrg/)

## Issue Resolution

### France fiscalization: Incorrect total discount amount in return receipt

`Build 6.44.50: DS-5171`

Prior to version 6.44.50, POS users in French stores could sometimes encounter an issue where an incorrect total discount amount was displayed in the return receipt. 

The issue occurred under the following conditions:

1. The location had the **fiscal** checkbox selected (`chq > settings > location settings > locations / location settings > [selected location] > details > address section`) 

2. The original sales receipt included two items
    - A line discount was applied to one of the items. The item had the **final sale** checkbox cleared (`chq > inventory > catalog > [selected item] > general > control & usage section`) 
    - A global discount was applied to the receipt

3. In the return transaction, the item with previously applied line discount was returned.

We’ve fixed the issue. The total discount amount in the return receipt now matches the total discount in the original sales receipt, as expected.  

### Unable to initialize POS 

`Build 6.43.128: DS-5053`

Prior to version 6.43.128, POS PRO init was sometimes stuck in the "Initializing.." status and never completed. The issue has been fixed, and POS can now be initialized as expected.

### Unable to open a finalized Sales Receipt with a sold gift card 

`Build 6.43.74: DS-4831`

We’ve fixed the issue where, under `Sales Receipts > Sales History` in POS, the user was unable to open a finalized Sales Receipt where a sold gift card was present. The issue occurred both when tapping a Sales Receipt in the list and searching via the **Find Receipt** feature.

## Impacted Areas

Teamwork Commerce PRO Suite allows for unique client-specific configurations. If the above is your case, we recommend that the areas and workflows listed below be additionally checked to ensure the existing functionality works as expected in conjunction with the newly released features.

{{% notice note %}}
Please be advised that the information below does not include details on the configurations and conditions required for testing the new features. For detailed information, see the respective feature description in this release guide.
{{% /notice %}}

**Feature**|**Impact**|
:-----------|:-----------|
Norway fiscalization| At locations in Norway, test the following workflows: <ul><li>printing and emailing of sales receipts, return receipts, and voided/reversed receipts</li><li>processing cash and electronic payments; special attention is to be paid to rounding</li><li>accessing and saving/printing of Z and X reports</li></ul>|
Automatically added and suggested fees|Test workflows related to application of line and global fees to Sales Receipts and Review Orders.|
Support of currency exchange rate groups|Test workflows related to processing of foreign currency payments.|
Auto-populating City and State/Province when entering a postal code|Test entering city, state/province, and postal code values in address blocks across different POS areas.

{{% notice warning %}}
WE DO NOT WARRANT AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY VENDOR’S PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. ALL SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE IS ACQUIRED SUBJECT TO THE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, AND OTHER TERMS PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER OR SUPPLIER OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT.   YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH ANY SUCH MANUFACTURER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, OR OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO LOOK SOLELY TO THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR OF THE PRODUCT FOR MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO RESOLUTION OF SYSTEM ERRORS, BUGS, PATCHES, HOT FIXES, ETC. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, INCLUDING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES IN THE EVENT A THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE GIVES RISE TO AN INFRINGEMENT CLAIM, WILL BE AGAINST THE THIRD-PARTY VENDOR AND NOT AGAINST US.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE VERSION OF THE PROGRAM SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING ANY UNDERLYING THIRD PARTY TECHNOLOGIES AND/OR PLATFORMS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH SAME, MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER DATA, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL FURNISHED TO USER HEREUNDER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONDITION THEREOF; AND WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.
{{% /notice %}}
<br>
<br>
[OPEN PDF](https://storage.googleapis.com/twc-pedia-prod-bucket/pdf/relguides/POS%20PRO%20Release%20Guide%20Version%206.44.pdf)

